Marco Maggioni’s Homepage Marco Maggioni’s Homepage I hold a position as Research Assistant with Prof. Tanya Berger-Wolf . My research is also supported by the Dean’s Scholar Award and by the FMC Technology Fellowship . My general research interests are parallel algorithms and computer architectures, with special focus on sparse algebra and convex optimization on GPUs. My research aims to design novel GPU-based algorithmic techniques to efficiently solve ILP (along with its LP relaxation), QP and SDP. My focus is on large sparse problems arising from a computational biology, an applicative area that uses solutions of algorithmic problems to answer questions about biological systems. In addition, my work has application in a wide range of disciplines, such as combinatorial optimization, operations research, control theory, structural optimization, economics and several other engineering fields. Up to now, I have worked on improving the state-of-the-art in Sparse Matrix-Vector multiplication (SpMV) on GPUs, providing a solid foundation for my future research. Despite the fact that adapting sparse computation to GPUs is a challenging task, we can envision a speedup that will allow us to solve convex optimization problems faster than any state-of-the-art solver. I am also contributing to IBEIS (Image-Based Ecological Information System). This research project aims to build a large autonomous computational system that starts from image data and progresses all the way to answering ecological and conservation queries. Based on image analysis algorithms, IBEIS can identify individuals from species with distinctive striped, spotted, wrinkled or notched markings, such as elephants, giraffes and zebras. I am focusing on scaling IBEIS and its algorithms to the magnitude of image data available nowadays, with particular interest in using GPUs. Briefly about me My name is Marco Maggioni and I’m from Italy. I’m currently a Ph.D candidate in Computer Science at University of Illinois at Chicago. If you want to know more about me, you can take a look at my résumé and at my linkedin profile. Research groups Computational Population Biology Lab Image-Based Ecological Information System Argonne National Laboratory Contacts Email: mmaggi3@uic.edu Phone: 312-996-8635 Address: University of Illinois at Chicago Engineering Research Facility 842 W. Taylor St., Room 3028 Chicago, IL, 60607-7053 Recent Conferences AsHES2014, CoAdELL:  Adaptivity and Compression for Improving Sparse Matrix-Vector Multiplication on GPUs , M. Maggioni and T. Y. Berger-Wolf, International Workshop on Accelerators and Hybrid Exascale Systems, 2014, Phoenix, May 20, to appear GTC2014, Adaptivity and Compression: a Recipe for Sparse Matrix-Vector Multiplication on GPUs , M. Maggioni and T. Y. Berger-Wolf, NVIDIA GPU Technology Conference, 2014, San Jose, March 24-27 ICPP2013, AdELL: An Adaptive Warp-Balancing ELL Format for Efficient Sparse Matrix-Vector Multiplication on GPUs , M. Maggioni and T. Y. Berger-Wolf, International Conference on Parallel Processing, 2013, Lyon, France, October 1-4, pp. 11-20 ICCS2013, An Architecture-Aware Technique for Optimizing Sparse Matrix-Vector Multiplication on GPUs , M. Maggioni and T. Y. Berger-Wolf, International Conference on Computational Science, 2013, Barcelona, Spain, June 5-7,pp. 329-338 HiCOMB2013, GPU-based Steady-State Solution of the Chemical Master Equation , M. Maggioni, T. Y. Berger-Wolf and J. Liang, International Workshop on High Performance Computational Biology, 2013, Boston, May 20, pp. 579-588 GTC2013, Unveiling Cellular Mechanisms using GPU-based Sparse Linear Algebra , M. Maggioni, T. Y. Berger-Wolf and J. Liang, NVIDIA GPU Technology Conference, 2013, San Jose, March 18-21 Research In previous semesters I have held a position as Teaching Assistant in the department of Computer Science . I was assigned to different courses, including CS466 “Advanced Computer Architecture” (Spring ‘11), CS366 “Computer Architecture II” (Spring ‘11 - Fall ‘10), CS401 “Computer Algorithms” (Spring ‘10), CS202 “Data Structure and Discrete Math” (Fall ’09) and CS102 “Introduction to Programming” (Spring ’09). Teaching