Guaranteed Paid Internship Program | College of Engineering | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo College of Engineering Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo College of Engineering College of Engineering Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Admitted Student Information Admissions Advising Career Outcomes Diversity Engineering Expo FAQ Majors and Minors Paid Internships Scholarships Student Groups Student Resources Women in Engineering Graduate Departments Research Expand Research menu Interdisciplinary Research Labs and Centers Support UIC Expand Support UIC menu Donate Online How to Give Help Students Empower Faculty Capital Projects About Expand About menu Dean Faculty Administration Staff Alumni Advisory Board Facilities Summer Camp News Contact Eyebrow menu Give Careers Alumni UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs College of Engineering Undergraduate Guaranteed Paid Internship Program Guaranteed Paid Internship Program intro UIC Engineering offers guaranteed paid internships to all incoming freshman and transfer students who are able to fulfill the participation requirements. For example, first-year students must maintain a 3.2 GPA in their first year at UIC and completing the Freshmen Engineering Success Program, a series of workshops and group projects that introduce you to your chosen major and teach you how to make the most of your existing math and science skills. The Guaranteed Paid Internship Program, or GPIP, as it is known, places students in paid positions in one of 42 UIC research labs and in other university departments. Students find out at the end of their first year whether they have qualified for the program and, if so, what their internship experience will be. Students describe GPIP as a significant force in accelerating their trajectory into future internships after their sophomore and junior years. The program reflects UIC Engineering’s commitment to helping our students lay the best possible groundwork for post-graduation career success. quote 1 My first internship through GPIP was in research, and the experience prepared me well for approaching new projects and positions. I knew very little about the work required for the assignment coming in, but I learned that you don’t need to know everything to be able to contribute to a project. Marcos Araque | BS in Electrical Engineering ’20 Learn more about the Guaranteed Paid Internship Program GPIP for freshmen Follow this link for students who are directly admitted to the college in the fall after high school. GPIP for transfers Follow this link for students who join the college in the fall term after prior study at another institution. quote 2 GPIP helps with getting first experiences in engineering, and the internship helps you become a more competitive applicant for other positions. Naima Muckom | BS in Bioengineering ’20 Undergraduate Back to main content Admitted Student Information Admissions Advising Career Outcomes Diversity Engineering Expo FAQ Majors and Minors Paid Internships Scholarships Student Groups Student Resources Women in Engineering