Fellows - IGERT Electronic Security and Privacy: Technological, Human, Enterprise, and Legal Considerations Search this site Program Overview Sponsors FAQ People Faculty Staff Fellows Associates Alumni Research Publications Curriculum Courses Seminars Outreach International Partners Links And Resources Internships CyberCorps SFS Alumni HS-STEM Scholarships Apply News ESP-IGERT Calendar Departments Contact Us Sitemap People ‎ > ‎ Fellows Stacy Blasiola is a Ph.D. student in the department of Communication at UIC. Her research interests include legal and societal conceptions of online privacy, media law and policy, and media literacy. email - web Renee Powers is a PhD student in the Department of Communication at UIC. Her research interests include privacy and security policies on democratic practices in online spaces email - web Peter Snyder is Computer Science Ph.D. student working in the Department of Computer Science at UIC. His research interests include system and web-space security, machine learning, and distributed computing. email - web Hale Thompson is a PhD student in the School of Public Health at UIC. His research interests include privacy and security in public health information platforms, mobile technologies for community building email - web Ivan Brugere is a PhD student in the Department of Computer Science at UIC. His research interest is in data mining problems related to security and large networks. email - web Nathanael Bassett is a Ph.D. student in the department of Communication
at UIC. His research interests include non-use, user agency and alternative use
practices email Jordan Torf is
 a PhD student in the Computer Science department at UIC. I received by 
Bachelors in Mathematics in 2013 from Illinois State University. My 
research interests include web security, transactional hardware memory, 
and formal methods email Jason Archer is a Ph.D. student in the department of Communication at UIC. His research interests include investigating the challenges and opportunities that haptic media and Human Augmentics pose for the present and future of electronic security and privacy. email Atiya Avery is
 a PhD
student in the Department of Information Systems and Decision Sciences. Her
primary research interest is organizational information security. With a
secondary interest in measuring and mitigating latent biases (especially
towards vulnerable populations) associated with emerging analytic capabilities
and data sources. email Carrie O'Connell is a PhD student in the Department of Communication at UIC.  Her primary research focus is the use of digital communication platforms for political and crisis communications. By mapping the connections of obvious and non-obvious relationships in network data.  She evaluate threats and opportunities. . email Mark Hallenbeck is a Ph.D. student in the Department of Computer Science at UIC. Formerly, he researched and developed digital job site safety solutions. His current research interests include security and privacy protection with respect to mobile devices and users. email Sign in | Recent Site Activity | Report Abuse | Print Page | Powered By Google Sites