Programs for International Partnerships | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , Google Translate , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Programs for International Partnerships Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Programs for International Partnerships Programs for International Partnerships Google Translate Main Menu About Expand About menu Meet the Office Global Engagement Resources Programs Expand Programs menu Public Administration Programs Engineering Program Education Program Statistics Program Economics Program Urban Planning and Policy Short-Term Training Chicago Expand Chicago menu About UIC Life In Chicago Connect Eyebrow menu Office of Global Engagement UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search UIC Logo Programs for International Partnerships Programs for International Partnerships Welcome to the University of Illinois at Chicago! Envelope icon Contact Us Today! Speech bubble icon Connect on WhatsApp Speech bubble icon Connect on WeChat Our Path to Success: Programs for International Partnerships will be an active and essential contributor to the global engagement efforts at UIC offering unique and innovative partnership programs to meet the need of stakeholders both on campus and around the world. About PIP The Programs for International Partnerships (PIP) is dedicated to assisting the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) in developing educational programs for students worldwide while expanding UIC’s international presence.

PIP develops and supports programs that are academically excellent and that enhance UIC’s global reputation as an academic and professional development destination.

For information on the degree and non-degree programs we offer, please select a program below. Programs Public Administration Engineering Education Statistics Economics Urban Planning and Policy Short-Term Training Message from PIP As the Director of PIP, I’d like to welcome you to our website. I hope you’ll take a few minutes to read further about innovative programs that are moving forward a charge that is very important to me and my colleagues. Jeff Wang | Director PIP News & Events Happy Lunar New Year! Posted on January 24, 2020 Short Term Training Program Graduation Posted on November 27, 2019 Bulls Basketball Welcomes PIP Students Kate Gosson, PIP Program Coordinator | Posted on November 18, 2019 Feb 29 2020 “Duro Olowu: Seeing Chicago” 2/29/20, 10:00 am–5/10/20, 4:00 pm Museum of Contemporary Art, Streeterville