UIC Specialized Care for Children - We partner with Illinois families and communities to help children and youth with special healthcare needs connect to services and resources. Contact Us Menu We partner with Illinois families and communities to help children and youth with special healthcare needs connect to services and resources. Skip to content Home Who We Are Executive Director’s Greeting About Us History Annual Report News Events Family Stories Family Advisory Council Medical Advisory Board Employment Opportunities Career Search Apply for a Career How We Help How We Help Accessing diagnostic tests Finding specialized medical care Using insurance & All Kids / Medicaid Finding resources & information Developing a care coordination plan Communicating with doctors, specialists & schools Preparing for transition Paying for certain medical expenses Does It Cost Money? Is My Child Eligible? Programs Core Program Home Care Program How To Apply Refer A Family Find An Office Find An Office Champaign Chicago Administrative Office Chicago Chicago Home Care Lombard Marion Mokena Olney Peoria Rockford Springfield Administrative Office Springfield St. Clair Contact Us Request a Callback Browse Resources Resource Directory COVID-19 Resources and Supports for Families Transition Tools Parent to Parent Support Brochures and Pamphlets Request Brochures and Pamphlets Forms Glossary For Providers How We Help Providers Provider Application Reimbursement Information Explanation of Provider Payments Provider Forms Home Care Information and Resources Tools and Resources Provider Portal Refer A Family Contact Us We’re here to help. We partner with Illinois families and communities to help children and youth with special healthcare needs connect to services and resources. Is my child eligible? Apply Now How we help. How we help you and your child depends on your specific preferences and needs.  Our Care Coordinators can support you in the following areas: Accessing diagnostic tests Finding specialized medical care Using insurance & All Kids / Medicaid Finding resources & information Developing a care coordination plan Communicating with doctors, specialists & schools Preparing for transition Paying for certain medical expenses Learn More » Who we help. We serve thousands of families in all counties across the State of Illinois. The reassurance you gave me that (my Care Coordinator) was here and he understood and if I needed anything, I could just call or come to the office and it was OK. There was nothing we couldn’t handle. — Trooper's mom, Brandy Santiago Read family stories » DSCC Family Spreads Easter Joy to Hospitalized Children Read more Read more The Johnson family donated 160 Easter baskets for children at Central DuPage Hospital, surpassing their goal despite the coronavirus outbreak Andrea Stambaugh vividly recalls the disappointment she felt when her son, Axel Johnson, wa... Read more ▶︎ Home Medical Supply Guidance for Families During COVID-19 Outbreak Read more Read more Instructions for safely cleaning and re-using supplies for technology-dependent children. Adequate medical supplies are essential for families caring for children who are medically fragile and technology-dependent at home. Read more ▶︎ Resources for Special Needs Families During COVID-19 Outbreak Read more Read more Meals, financial help, health tips, condition-specific information, learning tools and more to support families of children with special healthcare needs. Parents and caregivers have a lot to juggle as they care for a child with spec... Read more ▶︎ DSCC Family Spreads Easter Joy to Hospitalized Children Home Medical Supply Guidance for Families During COVID-19 Outbreak Resources for Special Needs Families During COVID-19 Outbreak News DSCC Family Spreads Easter Joy to Hospitalized Children April 10, 2020 The Johnson family donated 160 Easter baskets for children at Central DuPage Hospital, surpassing their goal despite the coronavirus outbreak Andrea Stambaugh vividly recalls the... Live Early Intervention Video Visits Now Available April 8, 2020 Families may now receive EI services through video for their infants or toddlers with disabilities or delays. The Illinois Department of Human Services (IDHS) is... Home Medical Supply Guidance for Families During COVID-19 Outbreak April 2, 2020 Instructions for safely cleaning and re-using supplies for technology-dependent children. Adequate medical supplies are essential for families caring for children who are medically fragile and... More news » Events Webinar: "Positive Parenting: A Protective Factor for Child Abuse and Neglect" April 30, 2020 Free webinar for both professionals and families in honor of Child Abuse Prevention Month. The Illinois Partnership for Safety is hosting a free webinar... Webinar:  "Coping During a Pandemic" April 30, 2020 Free webinar to address how individuals with Down syndrome and other disabilities, their families and caregivers can cope with COVID-19 stressors. The National Down... Loading Map.... The Inn 305 N. Main St. - Galena 42.41746 -90.425351 Canceled: Spring Mom's Retreat in Galena May 1, 2020 Please note this event has been canceled. Retreat for moms of children ages birth to 8 with special needs. The 2020 Mom's Retreat in Galena... More events » Call us (800) 322-3722 or Send us an email › We’re here to help. University of Illinois at Chicago's Division of Specialized Care for Children provides FREE care coordination for families of children with special health care needs. Visit Us on Facebook Contact Us. P: (800) 322-3722 TTY: (217) 785-4728 F: (217) 558-0773 Hours: M-F, 8:00am-4:30pm Request a Callback Send us an email Get our newsletter. First Name Last Name Email * Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms. USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS OF USE . © Copyright 2020 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois