Engineering Management Major | Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation Courses ME Major IE Major EM Major Minors Internships and Jobs Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources Graduate Expand Graduate menu Admissions Courses International Programs Master’s Programs PhD Programs PhD Dissertations Post-Graduation Outcomes Student Profiles Student Resources Research Expand Research menu Research Areas Labs Faculty and Staff Expand Faculty and Staff menu Department Head Core Faculty Affiliate Faculty Emeritus Faculty Staff Open Positions News Expand News menu Department Seminars News About Expand About menu Mechanical Engineering Industrial Engineering Energy Engineering Advisory Board Contact Head's Message Eyebrow menu Giving Alumni College of Engineering Home UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Undergraduate programs Engineering Management Major Engineering Management Major EM major intro Engineering management is an ideal major for people who want to oversee major projects, facilities, teams, and whole businesses. Combine the essentials of an engineering education with the core of a business degree. That’s engineering management. Graduates of this program—a joint offering with UIC’s College of Business Administration —leave UIC with an understanding of how to successfully oversee processes and people in a technical environment. As an engineering management major, your course plan will weave together industrial engineering classes with an immersion in business. You’ll delve into the business environment, business strategy, organizational structure, and finance. This major is well-suited to students who see themselves in corporate engineering management positions as well as those who want to become entrepreneurs. Engineering Management Major Requirements Engineering management majors complete coursework in three categories: Nonengineering and general education courses: Nonengineering and general education courses provide your foundation. You will take 74 credit hours in this category, including math, science, and three “chart-your-own-path” classes in areas such as Exploring World Cultures and Understanding the Creative Arts. Engineering management majors take more courses in this category because they also gain an understanding of business via courses in economics, management, accounting, finance, and marketing. Learn more in the course catalog . Required engineering courses: Students earn 52 credit hours from engineering courses that all EM majors must take. Many are drawn from industrial engineering, such as Production Planning and Inventory Control, Safety Engineering, and Plant Layout and Materials Handling. To see all of these courses, visit the course catalog . Free elective: The final 3 credit hours of the EM major come from one or more electives outside of industrial engineering and business administration. This course is meant to give you exposure to a new and different topic of your choosing. Learn More About the Engineering Management Major Degree requirements Undergrad admissions Undergraduate Back to main content Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation Courses ME Major IE Major EM Major Minors Internships and Jobs Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources