evl | electronic visualization laboratory About Location People Join Us Events Papers Research Art Summer Internship Enables UIC/EVL Student to Work on Multi-Person Virtual… BactoGeNIE, the Bacterial Gene Neighborhood Investigation Environment Victor Mateevitsi participating in TEDxUofIChicago, April 8, 2016 SAGE2™ Scalable Amplified Group Environment SENSEI: Sensor Environment Imaging (SENSEI) Instrument SAGE2 @ SC19: Demonstrations, Birds of a Feather, and SCinet Participation 360 X 180 panorama construction based on image stitching method MS Thesis Defense: “ETNA: a Virtual Reality Game with Affective… Liqid publishes a case study on how EVL is using their GPU-based system… Constellations As UIC celebrates 50 years, alumni list top 50 events: Star Wars CGI is… Preliminary Examination Announcement: “Supporting Collaborative… Fleet Commander UIC Computer Science/EVL Marai Developing Computer Programs to Aid Cancer… Virtual Reality Enhanced Physical Therapy International Space Station (ISS) and Space Shuttle Discovery DigitalQuest: A Mixed Reality Approach to Scavenger Hunts Newcity magazine rates UIC/EVL as “Best place to get your geek… SENSEI-Panama SC17 SAGE2 BOF materials now posted online SAGEBoard: a Whiteboard for Large Multitouch Displays Hearts and Minds: The Interrogations Project OmegaDesk: An Instrument for Interactive Visual Data Exploration and… EVL PhD Candidate Ashwini Naik Presents ‘V-NeuroStack’ at… SAGE2 11th Annual International SC BOF @ SC19 - Tuesday, November 19… Mars Curiosity Riverwalk: Incorporating Historical Photography in Public Outdoor… SAGE2 9th Annual International SC BOF @ SC17 UIC CS/EVL Undergrad Jacqueline Tapia Receives a UIC CS Scholars… Art of Science: Comparative Genomics, Visualization and Big Displays UIC/EVL Students Recognized in 2016 UIC Image of Research Competition Introduction to Therapeutic Games with Unity 3D UIC/EVL Alumnus Lewis Siegel Amasses an Impressive Computer Graphics… UIC Computer Science/EVL awarded $2.25 Million from NSF for SAGE3 Audio Dilation PhD Thesis Defense Announcement: “Knowledge Places: Embedding… Luxor CAVE2/Unity Simulator EVL hosts CAVE2 demos as part of Computer Science’s activities for… High-Speed Trains Andrea Purgato Thesis Presentation: “GPU Acceleration and… Particle Dreams in Spherical Harmonics Electron Density of a Molecular Dataset COMPaaS DLV: Composable Platform as a Service Instrument for Deep Learning… UIC Electronic Visualization Laboratory Graduates and Staff Participate in… Mars U of I System’s “Altogether Extraordinary” Video… UIC Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) Laboratory MS Thesis Defense Announcement: “Exploring Deep Learning Techniques… StarTrek Enterprise Merging Worlds: A Location-based Approach to Mixed Reality City of Chicago Partners with UIC/EVL to Announce OpenGrid UIC CS/EVL Alumna Trina Roy Receives Engineering Alumni Outstanding… Daria Tsoupikova Recognized Among Leonardo's Outstanding Peer Reviewers Can a Spider-Man-inspired jacket help the blind get around Chicago? Virtual Reality Student Exposition at VGA SAGE2 @ SC18: Demonstrations, Birds of a Feather, and SCinet Participation UIC Electronic Visualization Laboratory to be Featured in “Chicago… SC16 SAGE BOF Now Posted Online UIC/EVL Victor Mateevitsi Pitches SpiderSense on Discovery Science’s… UIC/EVL Receives Honorable Mention in IEEE VIS 2016’s VGTC VPG Data… Effective Use of Large Visualization Displays SpiderSense PhD Thesis Defense Announcement: “Problem-Driven Design Strategies… UIC alumnus Victor Mateevitsi’s SpiderSense jacket included in… Marco Cavallo Thesis Presentation “Merging Worlds: A Location-based… Large Scale Query Analysis on HPC and Cloud Systems Architectural Design of a UCSD Engineering Building ENDURANCE (Environmentally Non-Disturbing Under-ice Robotic ANtarctiC… Doctoral Defense Announcement: “Supporting Navigation with a Torso… SIMPLE project (Sub-ice Investigation of Marine and Planetary-analog… UIC’s “Team Italy” participates in Chicago Hackathon for… Music Instruction in a Virtual/Augmented Environment New, Advanced SAGE2 Features Being Demonstrated at SC17 UIC EVL/MFA Graduate JD Pirtle Starts Depth and Light Consultancy Firm Molecular Dynamics Simulation of a Glass Fissure University of Illinois System 2017 PELP Program Visits the Electronic… Textual Annotation Tools for SAGE2 Chicago Design Milestones 1920–2019 Installation Opens July 1, 2019 VisSnippets: A Web-Based System for Impromptu Collaborative Data… Cancer Disparities in Chicago “Hearts and Minds” Exhibited at ISEA2016 RehabJim: A Third Person Approach To Virtual Reality Biomechanical… Crain’s newspaper features “How UIC is making room for a… UIC CS/EVL Lance Long Receives UIC Award of Merit FixingTIM: Interactive Exploration of Sequence and Structural Data to… John Novak’s Interspeech 2018 paper nominated for best student award Ableton Live Integration & Audio Effects for a 32 Speaker Ambisonic Sound… Understanding Accessibility of Smartphone Map Applications for Older Adults PhD Defense Announcement: “Multiview Immersion in Hybrid Reality… “Hearts and Minds: The Interrogations Project” Awarded Top… Exploring BioPax and the Pathway Commons API Using Linked Views UIC/EVL Helps Kick Off NSF’s Holodeck Social Media Campaign UIC/EVL Student Recognized in 2017 UIC Image of Research Competition EVL PhD Candidate Chihua Ma Receives Charles E. Ives Journal Award Tsoupikova’s “Transforming Storytelling: Multi-User Virtual… Augmented Reality App Offers New Look at Eastland Disaster Princeton Review rates UIC one of the top 25 graduate schools to study… Mars Curiosity (SAGE in CAVE2™) No One Ever Leaves EVL Proposed UIC College of Engineering Building Rendition in the CAVE2&trade… Preliminary Examination Announcement: “Collaborative Augmented… Inside a Real Life Holodeck SAGE2 Project Management Application Music Instruction in a Virtual/Augmented Reality Environment (CAVE2&trade… Luc Renambot presents SAGE2™ at “Node.js Live - Chicago” MRI - Development of Continuum: A Virtualized Attentive Environment for… Dana Plepys receiving UIC CAPE Award at 2019 UIC Employee Recognition… Exploring Chicago UIC CS/EVL PhD student Arthur Nishimoto receives 2016 UIC Chancellor's… Network Computation with GPU Celebrating Women in New Media Arts Riverwalk: Incorporating Historical Photographs in Public Outdoor… Star Wars Death Star reborn in virtual reality at UIC Gold Nanoparticle Hospital Architecture Study TRNQWRLD SENSEI-Panama: Visualizing Animal Movement Data on a Virtual Island in the… Virtual Reality for Medical Training Interactive Exploration and Tracking of Viscous Fingers in Large-Scale… SAGE2 Team Engaging with the Trusted CI Center on SAGE2 Cybersecurity One Chicago grade school is transforming education with EVL technologies CAVE2: Next-Generation Virtual-Reality and Visualization Hybrid… A Distributed Graph Approach for Retrieving Linked RDF Data Using… Prof. Marai co-organizes Dagstuhl meeting on visualization of biological… Wallcology: Technology based learning and scientific inquiry Tom DeFanti, EVL Director Emeritus Awarded CENIC’s 2017 Innovations… Connectome THE CAAV 2017 Conference Featured Keynote on EVL’’s Visualization… 3D City Reconstruction From Google Street View Perspectives from the SC Perennials UIC/EVL Featured in new book: New Media Futures: The Rise of Women in the… Astroshelf: Panning and Zooming the Observable Universe Blueprints for 'Star Wars' Death Star were created at UIC ENDURANCE (Environmentally Non-Disturbing Under-ice Robotic ANtarctiC… UIC/EVL Receives Two Honorable Mentions in IEEE VIS 2017 VAST Challenge VGA Exhibition Tells Underrecognized Story Of New Media In Chicago Summer Internship Enables UIC/EVL Student to Work on Multi-Person Virtual Reality BactoGeNIE, the Bacterial Gene Neighborhood Investigation Environment Victor Mateevitsi participating in TEDxUofIChicago, April 8, 2016 SAGE2™ Scalable Amplified Group Environment SENSEI: Sensor Environment Imaging (SENSEI) Instrument SAGE2 @ SC19: Demonstrations, Birds of a Feather, and SCinet Participation 360 X 180 panorama construction based on image stitching method MS Thesis Defense: “ETNA: a Virtual Reality Game with Affective Dynamic Difficulty Adjustment based on Skin Conductance” Liqid publishes a case study on how EVL is using their GPU-based system COMPaaS DLV Constellations As UIC celebrates 50 years, alumni list top 50 events: Star Wars CGI is one of them Preliminary Examination Announcement: “Supporting Collaborative Visual Data Analysis in Multi-device Environment” Fleet Commander UIC Computer Science/EVL Marai Developing Computer Programs to Aid Cancer Patients Virtual Reality Enhanced Physical Therapy International Space Station (ISS) and Space Shuttle Discovery DigitalQuest: A Mixed Reality Approach to Scavenger Hunts Newcity magazine rates UIC/EVL as “Best place to get your geek on” SENSEI-Panama SC17 SAGE2 BOF materials now posted online SAGEBoard: a Whiteboard for Large Multitouch Displays Hearts and Minds: The Interrogations Project OmegaDesk: An Instrument for Interactive Visual Data Exploration and Collaboration EVL PhD Candidate Ashwini Naik Presents ‘V-NeuroStack’ at Neuroscience 2019 SAGE2 11th Annual International SC BOF @ SC19 - Tuesday, November 19, 12:15 - 1:15pm Mars Curiosity Riverwalk: Incorporating Historical Photography in Public Outdoor Augmented Reality Experiences SAGE2 9th Annual International SC BOF @ SC17 UIC CS/EVL Undergrad Jacqueline Tapia Receives a UIC CS Scholars Scholarship Art of Science: Comparative Genomics, Visualization and Big Displays UIC/EVL Students Recognized in 2016 UIC Image of Research Competition Introduction to Therapeutic Games with Unity 3D UIC/EVL Alumnus Lewis Siegel Amasses an Impressive Computer Graphics Resume over Nearly 25 Year Career UIC Computer Science/EVL awarded $2.25 Million from NSF for SAGE3 Audio Dilation PhD Thesis Defense Announcement: “Knowledge Places: Embedding Knowledge in the Space of the Classroom” Luxor CAVE2/Unity Simulator EVL hosts CAVE2 demos as part of Computer Science’s activities for UIC Open House High-Speed Trains Andrea Purgato Thesis Presentation: “GPU Acceleration and Interactive Visualization for Spatio-Temporal Network“ Particle Dreams in Spherical Harmonics Electron Density of a Molecular Dataset COMPaaS DLV: Composable Platform as a Service Instrument for Deep Learning & Visualization UIC Electronic Visualization Laboratory Graduates and Staff Participate in Symposium “Herstory: Digital Innovations” Mars U of I System’s “Altogether Extraordinary” Video Highlights UIC and EVL UIC Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) Laboratory MS Thesis Defense Announcement: “Exploring Deep Learning Techniques for Real-time Graphics” StarTrek Enterprise Merging Worlds: A Location-based Approach to Mixed Reality City of Chicago Partners with UIC/EVL to Announce OpenGrid UIC CS/EVL Alumna Trina Roy Receives Engineering Alumni Outstanding Achievement Award Daria Tsoupikova Recognized Among Leonardo's Outstanding Peer Reviewers Can a Spider-Man-inspired jacket help the blind get around Chicago? Virtual Reality Student Exposition at VGA SAGE2 @ SC18: Demonstrations, Birds of a Feather, and SCinet Participation UIC Electronic Visualization Laboratory to be Featured in “Chicago New Media 1973-1992” Exhibition SC16 SAGE BOF Now Posted Online UIC/EVL Victor Mateevitsi Pitches SpiderSense on Discovery Science’s “All-American Makers” TV Show UIC/EVL Receives Honorable Mention in IEEE VIS 2016’s VGTC VPG Data Visualization Contest Effective Use of Large Visualization Displays SpiderSense PhD Thesis Defense Announcement: “Problem-Driven Design Strategies for Scientific Data Visualization” UIC alumnus Victor Mateevitsi’s SpiderSense jacket included in MSI’s Wired to Wear™ exhibition Marco Cavallo Thesis Presentation “Merging Worlds: A Location-based Approach to Mixed Reality” Large Scale Query Analysis on HPC and Cloud Systems Architectural Design of a UCSD Engineering Building ENDURANCE (Environmentally Non-Disturbing Under-ice Robotic ANtarctiC Explorer) (SAGE™ Collaboration) Doctoral Defense Announcement: “Supporting Navigation with a Torso Wearable Tactile Display” SIMPLE project (Sub-ice Investigation of Marine and Planetary-analog Ecosystems) UIC’s “Team Italy” participates in Chicago Hackathon for Wildlife challenge Music Instruction in a Virtual/Augmented Environment New, Advanced SAGE2 Features Being Demonstrated at SC17 UIC EVL/MFA Graduate JD Pirtle Starts Depth and Light Consultancy Firm Molecular Dynamics Simulation of a Glass Fissure University of Illinois System 2017 PELP Program Visits the Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) Textual Annotation Tools for SAGE2 Chicago Design Milestones 1920–2019 Installation Opens July 1, 2019 VisSnippets: A Web-Based System for Impromptu Collaborative Data Exploration on Large Displays Cancer Disparities in Chicago “Hearts and Minds” Exhibited at ISEA2016 RehabJim: A Third Person Approach To Virtual Reality Biomechanical Rehabilitation Crain’s newspaper features “How UIC is making room for a computer science boom” UIC CS/EVL Lance Long Receives UIC Award of Merit FixingTIM: Interactive Exploration of Sequence and Structural Data to Identify Functional Mutations in Protein Families John Novak’s Interspeech 2018 paper nominated for best student award Ableton Live Integration & Audio Effects for a 32 Speaker Ambisonic Sound System Understanding Accessibility of Smartphone Map Applications for Older Adults PhD Defense Announcement: “Multiview Immersion in Hybrid Reality Environments” “Hearts and Minds: The Interrogations Project” Awarded Top Electronic Literature Prize Exploring BioPax and the Pathway Commons API Using Linked Views UIC/EVL Helps Kick Off NSF’s Holodeck Social Media Campaign UIC/EVL Student Recognized in 2017 UIC Image of Research Competition EVL PhD Candidate Chihua Ma Receives Charles E. Ives Journal Award Tsoupikova’s “Transforming Storytelling: Multi-User Virtual Reality Theater for Collaborative Tele-Immersive Exploration” Awarded Augmented Reality App Offers New Look at Eastland Disaster Princeton Review rates UIC one of the top 25 graduate schools to study game design Mars Curiosity (SAGE in CAVE2™) No One Ever Leaves EVL Proposed UIC College of Engineering Building Rendition in the CAVE2™ Hybrid Reality Environment Preliminary Examination Announcement: “Collaborative Augmented Reality for Virtual Reality Display Wall Environments” Inside a Real Life Holodeck SAGE2 Project Management Application Music Instruction in a Virtual/Augmented Reality Environment (CAVE2™ and HoloLens) Luc Renambot presents SAGE2™ at “Node.js Live - Chicago” MRI - Development of Continuum: A Virtualized Attentive Environment for Amplified Collaboration Dana Plepys receiving UIC CAPE Award at 2019 UIC Employee Recognition Award Ceremony and Reception Exploring Chicago UIC CS/EVL PhD student Arthur Nishimoto receives 2016 UIC Chancellor's Student Service Award Network Computation with GPU Celebrating Women in New Media Arts Riverwalk: Incorporating Historical Photographs in Public Outdoor Augmented Reality Experiences Star Wars Death Star reborn in virtual reality at UIC Gold Nanoparticle Hospital Architecture Study TRNQWRLD SENSEI-Panama: Visualizing Animal Movement Data on a Virtual Island in the CAVE2™ Virtual Reality for Medical Training Interactive Exploration and Tracking of Viscous Fingers in Large-Scale Ensemble Simulations SAGE2 Team Engaging with the Trusted CI Center on SAGE2 Cybersecurity One Chicago grade school is transforming education with EVL technologies CAVE2: Next-Generation Virtual-Reality and Visualization Hybrid Environment for Immersive Simulation and Information Analysis A Distributed Graph Approach for Retrieving Linked RDF Data Using Supercomputing systems Prof. Marai co-organizes Dagstuhl meeting on visualization of biological data Wallcology: Technology based learning and scientific inquiry Tom DeFanti, EVL Director Emeritus Awarded CENIC’s 2017 Innovations in Networking Award Connectome THE CAAV 2017 Conference Featured Keynote on EVL’’s Visualization and Collaboration Technologies 3D City Reconstruction From Google Street View Perspectives from the SC Perennials UIC/EVL Featured in new book: New Media Futures: The Rise of Women in the Digital Arts Astroshelf: Panning and Zooming the Observable Universe Blueprints for 'Star Wars' Death Star were created at UIC ENDURANCE (Environmentally Non-Disturbing Under-ice Robotic ANtarctiC Explorer) UIC/EVL Receives Two Honorable Mentions in IEEE VIS 2017 VAST Challenge VGA Exhibition Tells Underrecognized Story Of New Media In Chicago Victor Mateevitsi, a University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) PhD student in the Computer Science (CS) Department and the Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL), applied to Microsoft Research for a 2015 summer internship to work on virtual and… Read more BactoGeNIE, the Bacterial Gene Neighborhood Investigation Environment, is a genome visualization approach developed at Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) to address growing volumes of genome sequence data, specifically microbial genomes, in… Read more TEDxUofIChicago 2016: Rethinking the System Victor Mateevitsi, a PhD candidate in the UIC Computer Science Department and Electronic Visualization Laboratoary (EVL), will talk about his SpiderSense human augmentics research at TEDxUofIChicago on… Read more SAGE™ software enables teams of users to manage their data in a room covered with displays, as if the room were one seamless canvas. SAGE lets users post and manipulate information, visualizations and animations. The goal of SAGE is to make… Read more SENSEI will be a reconfigurable, ultra-high-resolution, spherical (4π steradian), photometric, radiometric and photogrammetric real-time data-acquisition, sensor-based, camera system capable of capturing 3D stereo and still images for viewing in… Read more NOVEMBER 18-21, 2019 - Members of the SAGE2™ Team who attended the IEEE/ACM SC19 conference - from University of Hawai’i at Manoa’s Laboratory for Advanced Visualization & Applications (LAVA), University of Illinois at… Read more Wednesday, April 6, 2016, 1:00 PM EVL Cyber-Commons (Room 2068 ERF) EVL research assistant and Electrical and Computer Engineering PhD student, Haoyu Wang presents his research contribution to the National Science Foundation sponsored “Sensor… Read more Date & Time: May 8th, 2018, 10am Location: 1000 SEO Defense committee: Andrew Johnson, Chair and Advisor G. Elisabeta Marai Marco D. Santambrogio, Politecnico di Milano Abstract: The video game industry is growing year after year, but one of the… Read more In October 2018, the UIC Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) received an equipment grant from the National Science Foundation (NSF #1828265) for a GPU-based system for College of Engineering research and education. Since that time, EVL staff… Read more Individuals standing in the CAVE2™ System interactively fly through Earth’s galaxy to observe constellations from different viewpoints. Data is from the European Space Agency’s Tycho-2 catalog, which contains the positions and… Read more To celebrate the 50th anniversary of the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) - back when it was named University of Illinois Chicago Circle (UICC) — the UIC Alumni magazine’s Spring 2015 issue has a wonderfully nostalgic article titled… Read more Ph.D. Student: Abeer Alsaiari Committee: Prof. Andrew Johnson, Chair and Advisor Prof. Joseph Michaelis Prof. Wei Tang Prof. Steve Jones (Department of Communication) Prof. Khairi Reda (Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis) Date… Read more Fleet Commander is an interactive game developed to explore how a real-time strategy game that often relies on complex keyboard commands and mouse interactions can be transferred into a multi-user, multi-touch environment. This game attempts to… Read more A November 27, 2018 story on the University of Illinois Cancer Center’s website profiles leading-edge cancer and computer science research being conducted by G. Elisabeta (Liz) Marai, a UIC Associate Professor of Computer Science and the… Read more The Shirley Ryan AbilityLab of Chicago worked with the Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) at the University of Illinois at Chicago to use virtual reality to help people needing rehabilitation be more enthusiastic and energetic when doing… Read more The International Space Station (ISS) and Space Shuttle Discovery is a CAVE2™ Hybrid Reality Environment simulation where participants can explore the Space Station in full scale, orbiting the Earth at the current location and altitude of the… Read more Despite much progress and increased interest, mixed reality applications are not yet in widespread use by the general public. Our framework, DigitalQuest, facilitates the creation of mixed reality applications, providing application designers with… Read more Newcity magazine is Chicago’s only locally owned and operated cultural weekly, and has been covering Chicago’s local scene for more than 25 years. It’s current “Best of Chicago” issue just came out (Volume 31, No… Read more SENSEI: Sensor Environment Imaging (SENSEI) Instrument is a National Science Foundation award to construct a reconfigurable, ultra-high-resolution, spherical (4π steradian), photometric, radiometric and photogrammetric real-time data-acquisition… Read more The SC17 SAGE2™ BOF presentation material is now posted online. * * * * * * * * * * * SAGE2 @ SC17: Demonstrations, Birds of a Feather, and SCinet Participation NOVEMBER 12-16, 2017 - Members of the SAGE2™ Team who attended the IEEE/ACM… Read more SAGEBoard is an electronic whiteboard for tiled touch displays that can be used locally or shared between remote collaborators. An electronic whiteboard can combine the advantages of an electronic device with the fast paced interaction provided by a… Read more Hearts and Minds: The Interrogations Project is a 3D narrative experience made for the effective sensory environment of the EVL’s CAVE2™ that gives voice to stories of violence and the post-traumatic stress experienced by ordinary… Read more OmegaDesk provides researchers with a powerful, easy-to-use, information-rich, cyberinfrastructure instrument in support of scientific discovery. The OmegaDesk unifies ultra-high-resolution computer-enhanced collaboration workspaces and stereoscopic… Read more EVL PhD candidate Ashwini Naik presents the results of collaborative research between the Computer Science and Molecular & Cellular Biology departments at the University of Illinois at Chicago and colleagues at the University of Illinois at Urbana… Read more For those attending SC19 in Denver, Colorado, we will hold the “SAGE2 11th Annual International SC BOF: Scalable Amplified Group Environment for Global Collaboration” Birds of a Feather (BOF) meeting: Tuesday, November 19 12:15PM… Read more In this application, participants view a number of 2D high-resolution images captured by the Mars Curiosity Rover, along side a 3-dimensional model of Mars in the CAVE2™. EVL’s SAGE™ (Scalable Adaptive Graphics Environment)… Read more MS candidate and Italian exchange student, Marco Cavallo presents his research in Augmented Reality (AR). His presentation will introduce a user-centered AR approach for publishing 2D media archives as AR content. Relevant technical considerations… Read more For those attending SC17 in Denver, Colorado, we will hold the “SAGE2 9th Annual International SC BOF: Scalable Amplified Group Environment for Global Collaboration” Birds of a Feather (BOF) meeting: * Thursday, November 16 * 12:15PM… Read more AUGUST 9, 2016 - Jacqueline Tapia, a student in the Computer Science (CS) department and a summer intern at the Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC), was one of four female undergraduates to be… Read more Thursday, June 9, 2016 7:00 PM to 10:00 PM Woman Made Gallery 685 N Milwaukee Ave, Chicago, IL UIC Computer Science Ph.D. candidate and EVL graduate research assistant, Jillian Aurisano describes her work with bacterial genomics researchers to… Read more This year, UIC Computer Science (CS) PhD student and Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) research assistant Victor Mateevitsi received 1st Place for his “SpiderSense” image in the campus’s 2016 Image of Research competition… Read more Therapeutic games play an increasingly important role in modern healthcare. Games have been used to treat a broad spectrum of individuals, including patients with dementia, stroke, ADHD, cancer, autism spectrum disorder (ASD) to name a few. We will… Read more September 2016 - Since graduating from the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) in 1992, Lewis Siegel, a Computer Science (CS) Master of Science student and Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) Research Assistant, has amassed an impressive… Read more Maxine Brown (UIC PI), Andrew Johnson (UIC co-PI), Luc Renambot (UIC co-PI) Jason Leigh (University of Hawaii Manoa PI)Christopher North (Virginia Polytechnic PI) NSF Award Number: 2003800 Award Period of Performance: 05/15/2020 - 04/30/2025 Total… Read more On-line, real-time audio dilation is a technique that time stretches, or slows down the tempo of audio signals as they are generated. This research focuses upon the control over incoming live audio tempo for increased intelligibility and comfort… Read more PhD Candidate: Anthony Perritano Date: Friday, September 6th, 2019 Time: 10:30 am CT Location: Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL), Room 2068 ERF (Continuum) Committee: Tom Moher (Chair) Andrew Johnson Chris Kanich Joel Brown, Biology James… Read more As a demonstration of cultural heritage, participants can view 360-degree panoramic images of Medinet Habu, the Mortuary Temple of Ramesses III located on the West Bank of Luxor in Egypt, in the CAVE2™ System. The 360-degree photographic… Read more Developed by EVL PhD Candidate Arthur Nishimoto the CAVE2/Unity simulator is a Unity3D package for testing and development of Unity3D applications for the CAVE2™ Hybrid-Reality Environment. Using only standard Unity features (no… Read more Today’s UIC Open House welcomed prospective students, their parents, and the general public to tour the campus and learn more about the many academic programs offered. As part of the day&rdsquo;s events, the Computer Science department… Read more Participants stand inside virtual train tracks in the CAVE2™ System to observe distortion as high-speed trains roar past. This visualization of fundamental dynamics phenomena related to high-speed rail operations was done in collaboration with… Read more Monday, May 2, 2016, 9:30 AM Room 1000, Science & Engineering Office Building, UIC UIC Computer Science and EVL exchange student from the Politecnico di Milano in Italy, Andrea Purgato presents his thesis research that explores the optimization of… Read more Content and application programming: Dan Sandin Content and systems programming: Robert Kooima Music and sound effects: Laurie Spiegel Driver: Tom DeFanti The virtual-reality installation “Particle Dreams in Spherical Harmonics” is the… Read more Participants in the CAVE2™ System stand inside a balls-and-sticks model of a molecular chemistry dataset. The clouds represent the density of electrons around atoms. Chemistry models and simulation data are provided by Aslihan Sumer, Juliuis… Read more Project Period: October 1, 2018 - September 30, 2021 September 9, 2018 - The National Science Foundation (NSF) awarded a three-year grant to the UIC Computer Science (CS) Department’s Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) to acquire the… Read more OCTOBER 18, 2018 - “Herstory: Digital Innovations Symposium and Book Signing,” celebrates the book “New Media Futures (NMF): The Rise of Women in the Digital Arts.” The Symposium will take place at the National Center for… Read more Participants interactively fly around a 3D representation of Mars in the CAVE2™ System. The 3D model was originally created by EVL graduate Robert Kooima using planetary data from NASA’s Mars Global Surveyor and Viking missions and star… Read more The University of Illinois System’s YouTube channel posted the video “Altogether Extraordinary” to promote its “one system, three universities, endless possibilities” in November 2017, as part of the University’s… Read more The Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) Laboratory at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) is led by assistant professor Debaleena Chattopadhyay of the Department of Computer Science. The HCI Lab designs computer technologies to transform human… Read more Data &Time: Friday, May 4th, 2018, 11 am - 1pm Location: Room 3036 ERF Defense committee: Angus G. Forbes (Chair and Advisor) Andrew Johnson G. Elisabeta Marai Abstract: Simulating real-life light in a virtual world is computationally very expensive… Read more In an homage to “StarTrek,” EVL graduate student Arthur Nishimoto spent his spare time over the past two years creating a 3D virtual replica of the starship Enterprise. Participants can wander through various rooms inside the ship, and… Read more This research explores a novel approach to the design of Mixed Reality (MR) applications, which combines elements from markerless and location-based Augmented Reality in order to explore new types of interaction, leveraging a spatial representation… Read more To announce OpenGrid, a new and innovative website enabling the public to navigate City data using an intuitive and visual interface, the City of Chicago’s Department of Innovation & Technology wanted a high-tech stage. Several stages, in… Read more NOVEMBER 7, 2018 - Trina Roy, a UIC alumna who majored in Computer Science and worked as a research assistant at the Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL), is being honored with an Outstanding Achievement Award by the College of Engineering… Read more Since 2017, Leonardo commenced a quarterly recognition of exceptional peer reviewers noted for their in-depth and deeply constructive feedback on papers under consideration for publication. Among those recognized in the August 2019 edition of… Read more The Chicago Tribune’s Blue Sky Innovation section today featured Victor Mateevitsi, a University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) Computer Science PhD candidate, and his work on SpiderSense. Here are excerpts from the article “Can a… Read more The Video Game Art Gallery hosts Electronic Visualization Laboratory and the School of the Art Institute of Chicago student virtual reality projects for their first collaborative, curated show. The works represent creative virtual reality immersive… Read more NOVEMBER 11-16, 2018 - Members of the SAGE2™ Team who attended the IEEE/ACM SC18 conference - from University of Hawaiʻi at Manoa’s Laboratory for Advanced Visualization & Applications (LAVA), University of Illinois at Chicago’s… Read more OCTOBER 15, 2018 - “Chicago New Media 1973-1992” is a public exhibition, to be held November 1 - December 15, 2018, that illuminates the largely untold story of Chicago’s computer-based art and design legacy, and provides new… Read more The SC16 SAGE2™ BOF presentation is now posted online. * * * * * * * * * * SAGE2™: Scalable Amplified Group Environment for Global Collaboration Birds of a Feather (BOF) Tuesday, November 15, 2016, 12:15PM–01:15PM Salt Palace Convention… Read more by Maxine D. Brown February 3, 2016 - Victor Mateevitsi, a PhD student in the Computer Science Department at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC), and a recipient of the 2015 Dean’s Scholar Award, was a featured future entrepreneur on… Read more While most academic conferences attract people who want to learn, the annual IEEE Visualization (VIS) conference attracts people who want to be challenged. Throughout the year, the conference sponsors several contests - to encourage the best… Read more Global-scale cyberinfrastructure, whether sensor nets or supercomputers, is transforming the way teams of scientists and engineers study and understand complex systems - whether physical, geological, biological, environmental, or atmospheric - from… Read more SpiderSense is a wearable device that projects the wearer’s near environment on the skin and allows for directional awareness of objects around him. The millions of sensory receptors that cover the skin presents opportunities for conveying… Read more PhD Candidate: Timothy Luciani Date: Wednesday, May 15th, 2019 Time: 10 am CT Location: ERF 2068 (Continuum) Committee: Dr. G. Elisabeta Marai (Chair) Dr. Andrew Johnson Dr. Robert Kenyon Dr. Angus Forbes, University of California, Santa Cruz Dr… Read more EDITOR’S NOTE: The following article about UIC CS/EVL PhD graduate Victor Mateevitsi appears on the UIC Computer Science NEWS website. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * by Andrea Poet March 14, 2019 A jet suit that can travel more than 30… Read more UIC Computer Science and EVL exchange student from the Politecnico di Milano in Italy, Marco Cavallo presents his thesis research on Mixed Reality. “Merging Worlds: A Location-based Approach to Mixed Reality” presents a novel approach to… Read more EVL PhD candidate Michael Lewis presents his preliminary research on large scale query systems, and query complexity with regards to query pre-processing and memory usage within a tightly coupled high performance computing environment and within a… Read more Participants walk through an architectural model of University of California, San Diego’s recently dedicated Structural and Materials Engineering (SME) building in the CAVE2™ System. The Graphics, Visualization and Virtual Reality… Read more This application uses EVL’s SAGE™ software to display both 2D and 3D data in the CAVE2™ Hybrid Reality Environment. In a collaborative session, participants can compare and contrast a variety of digital media sources towards better… Read more Committee: Andrew Johnson (Chair and Advisor), Steve Jones, Robert Kenyon, Jason Leigh (University of Hawaiʻi at Manoa), Luc Renambot December 18, 2017, 3:00 pm - 5:00 pm Room 1000 SEO Abstract: An estimated 253 million people in the world are… Read more Funded by NASA, the SIMPLE project (Sub-ice Investigation of Marine and Planetary-analog Ecosystems) is to deploy an autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV) whose sensors collect biogeochemical data of the water’s composition (salinity, pressure… Read more Hacking for wildlife: students use technology to save the animals The challenge was inspired by public backlash over the hunting of Cecil the Lion in July, when hashtags like #justiceforcecil, #savethelions and #bantrophyhunting began viral trends… Read more This project’s purpose was to investigate the ability of virtual reality to teach music. An application was developed for the CAVE2™ and Microsoft Hololens, and their ability to teach music effectively was analyzed. Both the applications… Read more The SAGE2 team is demo’ing SAGE2 during the SC17 research exhibition, booth #1653 (Center for Data Intensive Science/Open Commons Consortium Booth). For those attending SC17, come see firsthand SAGE2 v3’s many new and advanced features… Read more OCTOBER 22, 2018 - UIC EVL/MFA graduate JD Pirtle recently started his own company, Depth and Light which is an education, technology, and design studio+consultancy. Its mission is to help students, teachers, and learners of all ages feel confident… Read more Participants fly through a close-up of a glass fissure computed in a 5-Million atom molecular dynamics nanoscale simulation. Visualization by Aaron Knoll and Michael Papka of the Argonne Leadership Computing Facility (ALCF) at Argonne National… Read more WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 2017 - The President of the University of Illinois System, Timothy Killeen, this week led a delegation of ~18 University officials on a two-day visit to one of its campuses, the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC). On the… Read more Krishna Bhradwaj’s MS Thesis Defense Committee: Andrew Johnson, Luc Renambot, Liz Marai Abstract: The amount of data that we deal with, on a daily basis, is ever increasing and coupled with the fact that display technology is getting cheaper… Read more School of Design associate professor, and EVL affiliated faculty member Daria Tsoupikova showcases her work as part of the Chicago Design Milestones 1920-2019 installation at the 150 Media Stream. The upcoming installation taking place throughout… Read more In the past decades, science has become increasingly interdisciplinary and scientific discovery has experienced a paradigm shift from the classical scientific method to data-intensive scientific discovery. SAGE2 provides these interdisciplinary… Read more Cancer has a major impact on society all around the world. It affects people of all population groups though certain groups bear more burden of cancer. Some of the contributing factors for cancer disparities are socioeconomic status, geographic… Read more The collaborative 3D virtual reality experience “Hearts and Minds: The Interrogations Project” was exhibited during 22nd International Symposium on Electronic Art (ISEA2016) at the Jeffrey Shaw 360 degree theater in Hong Kong… Read more Patients come to Centers for Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation from all over the globe, “often with catastrophic or unusual conditions and always with great hope for an improved life ahead”. In the quest to assist these patients… Read more EDITOR’S NOTE: The March 27, 2017 edition of Crain’s Chicago Business has a front page article featuring Dr. Pete Nelson, Dean of the UIC College of Engineering (COE). His portrait, which takes up more than half the page, was… Read more NOVEMBER 1, 2018 -- Lance Long, Senior Research Programmer for the Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL), which is part of the Computer Science (CS) department at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC), is a recipient of the 2018 UIC Award… Read more We present the design and implementation of a visual mining and analysis tool to help identify protein mutations across family structural models, and to help discover the effect of these mutations on protein function. We follow a client-server… Read more PhD Candidate John Novak and Prof. Kenyon’s paper “Effects of User Controlled Speech Rate on Intelligibility in Noisy Environments” Interspeech 2018, in Hyderabad, India this September! Their paper was one of twelve nominated out… Read more Ableton Live is music software designed for computer-based composition and performance. Ambisonics is a full-sphere surround sound technique used for playing audio on sound systems with more than two speakers, providing the illusion that sound is… Read more UIC Computer Science mentors two DREU undergraduates to work on summer research project JULY 27, 2017 - Undergraduate students Taylor Day, from Texas A&M University, College Station, and Mariko Kamiya, from Swarthmore University, were selected to be… Read more Alessandro Febretti presents his PhD research in developing a model of an operating system for Hybrid Reality Environments, called Omegalib. Friday, March 3, 2017, 2pm EVL Cybercommons - 2068 ERF Committee: Andrew E. Johnson (Chair), Robert B… Read more On June 11, 2016, at the annual Electronic Literature Organization (ELO) Conference at University of Victoria in Canada, “Hearts and Minds: The Interrogations Project” won the ELO’s 2016 Robert Coover Award for the best work of… Read more PhD candidate Paul Murray presents his research in biological data visualization techniques. The Pathway Commons web service brings together several large biological databases, with tens of thousands of biological entities and interactions that can… Read more Capitalizing on Star Trek’s 50th anniversary, which debuted on September 8, 1966, the National Science Foundation (NSF) has developed a social media #holodeck campaign to promote its support of cutting-edge research in virtual reality and… Read more September 14, 2017 - This year, UIC Computer Science (CS) PhD student and Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) research assistant Arthur Nishimoto received Honorable Mention for his “Under the Virtual Ice” image in the… Read more “SwordPlots: Exploring Neuron Behavior within Dynamic Communities of Brain Networks,” authored by Ma, C., Forbes, A. G., Llano, D. A., Berger-Wolf, T., Kenyon, R. V. was recognized by the Society for Imaging Sciences and Technology as… Read more JANUARY 24, 2019 - Daria Tsoupikova, associate professor in the UIC School of Design and an affiliated faculty member of the UIC Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) which is part of the Computer Science (CS) department, recently received a… Read more October 2016 - Augmented reality (AR) is being used in a very novel and compelling way to engage Chicago residents and tourists into learning more about the city’s history. John Russick of the Chicago History Museum teamed with Geoffrey Alan… Read more Princeton Review’s Top 25 Graduate Schools to Study Game Design for 2016 On March 15, 2016, the Princeton Review released its seventh annual ranking lists naming the best undergraduate and graduate schools for students to study - and launch a… Read more In this application, participants view several 2-dimensional high-resolution images captured by the Mars Curiosity Rover in EVL’s CAVE2™ Hybrid Reality Environment. Using EVL’s SAGE™ (Scalable Adaptive Graphics Environment)… Read more May 15, 2017 - Though students graduate, faculty retires, and staff moves on to new jobs, we have an expression that “No one ever leaves EVL.” That’s because during its 44 year history, the faculty, staff and students of the UIC… Read more EVL PhD candidate Arthur Nishimoto has developed a virtual reality representation of the proposed new College of Engineering (COE) building for display in the CAVE2. Participants can navigate through and explore the virtual COE building and… Read more Ph.D. Student Name: Arthur Nishimoto Committee: Prof. Andrew Johnson, Chair and Advisor Prof. Debaleena Chattopadhyay Prof. Steve Jones Prof. Wei Tang Prof. Jason Leigh (University of Hawaiʻi at Manoa) Date: 12/2/2019 Time: 11 am - 1 pm Location… Read more JUNE 13, 2017 - Ryan Wolff and David Wolff, producers of the documentary web series “The Good Stuff,” recently completed a program on virtual-reality headsets, but “as awesome as the experience was,” says Ryan, “it’s… Read more Caterpillar Inc. is working with the UIC Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) to develop a SAGE2™ application to enable distributed teams to collaborate on project planning and scheduling. Planning and scheduling the design, development… Read more EVL summer intern, Shreyas Mohan from Metea Valley High School, Aurora, IL presents the results of his efforts towards developing a robust music instruction application for use in virtual and augmented reality environments - the CAVE2 and Microsoft… Read more June 22, 2016 Old Crow Smokehouse 149 W Kinzie Street, Chicago, IL Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL), Luc Renambot presents his research in interactive techniques and collaboration… Read more Just as NSF cyberinfrastructure produces greater volumes and varieties of data from data storage systems, online instrumentation and major computational resources like XSEDE and Blue Waters, advanced visualization instruments serve as the… Read more Dana Plepys is one of six people receiving the 2019 UIC Chancellor’s Academic Professional Excellence Award (CAPE Award). This Award recognizes the demonstrated excellence of academic professional staff members and affirms UIC’s highest… Read more Exploring big cities like Chicago can be a daunting experience when the tourist has to gather information from multiple sources regarding places, directions, transportation, safety, and weather. We propose a large display solution (kiosks) which… Read more Arthur Nishimoto, a PhD student in the UIC Computer Science Department and a Research Assistant at the UIC Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL), is a recipient of the 2016 UIC Chancellor’s Student Service Award. He will be honored, along… Read more Wednesday, March 9, 2016, 1:00 PM EVL Cyber-Commons, Room 2068 ERF MS candidate and Italian exchange student, Andrea Purgato presents his research into methods for the GPU-based computation to define the structure of a dynamic social or biological… Read more Friday, March 18, 2016 9:30am - 4:30pm SAIC Ballroom, 112 S. Michigan Ave., Chicago “Celebrating Women in New Media Arts,” a one-day symposium at the School of the Art Institute (SAIC), examines the achievements of women in the field of… Read more The Chicago 0,0 Riverwal AR experience provides a novel, interactive way for users to explore historical photographs sourced from museum archives. As users walk along the Chicago River, they are instructed to use their smartphone or tablet to view… Read more In January 2016, Siying Li, a graduate student at the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University covering technology innovations for arts, contacted the UIC Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) to do a story. More specifically, he… Read more Participants can explore the self-assembly of a ligated gold nanoparticle and proteins inside an ionic solution in the CAVE2™ Hybrid Reality Environment. Data and visualization provided by the Petr Kral Research Group at the Department of… Read more The CAVE2™ System is a hybrid environment that enables users to mash-up a number of 2D and 3D images at the same time using SAGE™ software (Scalable Adaptive Graphics Environment) developed by EVL. Users can display related digital media… Read more Kyra Jones, School of Design undergraduate student created a virtual reality environment for the CAVE2 “TRNQWRLD” under the supervision of EVL faculty and Design Professor Daria Tsoupikova. Using Unity and the Unity simulator for the… Read more June 29, 2016, 1 PM EVL Cyber-Commons, Room 2068 ERF EVL PhD candidate Jillian Aurisano and research experience undergraduate (REU) James Hwang present their progress on SENSEI-Panama, an 3-dimensional virtual reality application designed for the… Read more To show medical illustrators and educators the value of virtual reality for medical training, the Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) at the University of Illinois at Chicago mocked up a 3D skeleton, complete with body organs, including the… Read more The visualization of aleatoric uncertainty in ensemble simulations - i.e. the study of high concentrations in mixtures - provides many challenges due to the size and dimensionality of the data sets. EVL researchers have developed a web-based… Read more The SAGE Development Team at the Laboratory for Advanced Visualization & Applications (LAVA) at the University of Hawaiʻi at Manoa and the Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) at the University of Illinois at Chicago recently received… Read more JD Pirtle, a UIC alumnus with an MFA in Electronic Visualization from the College of Architecture and the Arts (now renamed College of Architecture, Design, and the Arts), was a student and staff member at the Electronic Visualization Laboratory… Read more CAVE2™, the next-generation large-scale virtual-reality environment, is a hybrid system that combines the benefits of both scalable-resolution display walls and virtual-reality systems to create a seamless 2D / 3D environment that supports… Read more EVL PhD Candidate, Michael J. Lewis defends his thesis “A Distributed Graph Approach for Retrieving Linked RDF Data Using Supercomputing systems”: UIC / EVL 842 W. Taylor Street, Room 2068 (EVL Cybercommons) Chicago, IL 60607… Read more Professors J. Aerts (Leuven University, Belgium), N. Gehlenborg (Harvard), G.E. Marai (UIC), and K. Nieselt (University of Tuebingen, Germany) organized a week-long international meeting on “Biological Data Visualization: Crossroads” at… Read more Wallcology, an extension of the ’Embedded Phenomena’ learning technology framework, can be described as a computer simulation designed to support middle school curricular goals in life science and population ecology. By situating… Read more In recognition of his work to develop next generation networks, advance the mission of Calit2 and shape collaborations across organizations, CENIC recognizes Tom DeFanti, an internationally recognized pioneer in visualization and virtual reality… Read more A connectome is a map of neural connections in the brain. In this CAVE2™ Hybrid Reality Environment application, participants walk inside streamlines depicting the white matter fiber tracts in the brain, derived from diffusion tensor images… Read more OCTOBER 26, 2017 - Maxine Brown, director of the UIC Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL), participated in The Higher Education Campus Alliance for Advanced Visualization (THE CAAV) 2nd annual conference, held on the campus of University of… Read more Google Street View can be considered as an online browsable dataset consisting of billions of street-level panoramic images acquired all around the world. Since 2007, the company has continuously improved and updated its global image database, now… Read more JUNE 6, 2018 - Maxine Brown, Director of the Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) in the department of Computer Science at University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC), is a “Perennial” - the name given to individuals who have had… Read more MAY 24, 2018 - The 1980s and beyond were a pivotal time for the digital arts media in the Midwest, and many of the women who went to school or worked in the Midwest are now chronicled in the new book “New Media Futures: The Rise of Women in… Read more The growing onslaught of astronomical data available presents a great challenge. Astronomy lacks an easy-to-use and scalable way to collect and distribute expert information about objects from datasets of tens of thousands to billions of individual… Read more May 25, 2017 marks the 40th anniversary of the theatrical release of the first “Star Wars” movie. To celebrate the occasion, and to highlight Chicago’s unique connection to the film, the Chicago Tribune published an in-depth and… Read more Professor Peter Doran of the Earth and Environmental Sciences Department at University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) employs virtual-reality to further biological research in terrestrial environments analogous to those found on other planets, and to… Read more SEPTEMBER 11, 2017 - UIC Computer Science (CS) Associate Professor G. Elisabeta (Liz) Marai loves to inspire and educate next-generation computer scientists. For several years now, she has selected the best and brightest undergraduates from her Fall… Read more CHICAGO - VGA announces its ”Chicago New Media 1973-1992“ exhibition, public program and catalogue, in partnership with Gallery 400 at the University of Illinois at Chicago November 1-December 15, 2018. This expansive project chronicles… Read more Events Papers Research Contact