Jane Addams Child Welfare Traineeship Project | Jane Addams College of Social Work | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Jane Addams College of Social Work Search the site Toggle Menu Search Jane Addams College of Social Work Jane Addams College of Social Work Main Menu Prospective Students Expand Prospective Students menu Why Choose Social Work? Why Choose Jane Addams? Explore Academic Programs Meet Our Faculty Life at Jane Addams Financial Assistance Apply Now Academics Expand Academics menu MSW Program Field Instruction MSW/MPH Joint Degree Program PhD Program Professional Educator License (PEL), School Social Worker Endorsement MSW Accreditation About Expand About menu Our Mission Message from the Dean The Dean's Advisory Council Faculty Directory Staff Directory News & Events Recent Publications COVID-19 Updates Community Impact Expand Community Impact menu Jane Addams Center for Social Policy and Research Midwest Latino Health Research, Training and Policy Center Training Institute for School Social Work Professionals Social Services in the Community Research & Sponsored Projects Alumni & Friends Expand Alumni & Friends menu Make a Gift Now IGNITE Campaign: Make Your Impact Where & How to Give Connect & Engage Alumni Events & Awards Alumni Updates LSW/LCSW Information Eyebrow menu Research Current Students & Faculty Make a Gift Now UIC menu UI Health UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Jane Addams College of Social Work Academic Programs Master of Social Work (MSW) Degree Program Jane Addams Child Welfare Traineeship Project Jane Addams Child Welfare Traineeship Project About the Traineeship Project The 2018 graduating cohort of the Child Welfare Traineeship Project The Jane Addams Child Welfare Traineeship Project is an educational program that provides advanced training to select students in their final year of the Master of Social Work program, who are committed to a career in child welfare. Eligibility Traineeships are available only to Jane Addams College of Social Work students enrolled in the Child and Family Specialization. Applications will be accepted from first-year full-time and second-year part-time MSW students and advanced standing students who will begin their final specialization year in the fall. Applicants must be in academic good standing. Applicants must plan to enroll in the Child and Family Specialization for the 2020-2021 academic year. Applicants must possess a commitment to a career in child welfare. In the Words of a Program Graduate “When I think about the process that I followed to prepare for a job as a Child Protection Specialist, I can honestly say that attending Jane Addams was key in helping me get there. I learned about the Child Welfare Traineeship and I thought it might be a great opportunity to learn about the child welfare system in Illinois. I wanted to make sure that I knew as much as I could prior to entering the workforce. The Traineeship required a lot of time and effort, but I can honestly say that being part of the program gave me a valuable head start. I am eternally grateful for the opportunity and I most certainly recommend that anyone who’s considering a career in child welfare, apply for the Traineeship.” Elizabet Bonilla | MSW '18 Application Requirements Download, fill out, and submit the appropriate application and supporting materials One of the following applications: Child Welfare Traineeship Application for Current Students Child Welfare Traineeship Application for Advanced Standing Students Personal statement based on this questionnaire Comprehensive resume Copy of transcript(s) Two letters of recommendation Application Deadline Applications are due by February 7, 2020 for current students; May 29, 2020 for advanced standing students. Program Requirements Students will participate in an educational program that increases their knowledge and skills in core child welfare competencies and prepares them for effective practice in child welfare settings. The educational program includes a focus on priority areas of the Illinois Department of Children and Family Services (DCFS): systems of care, trauma-informed practice, building protective factors, and addressing the over-representation of children of color. Requirements include: Course work Specialized field placement Access to a car Program Benefits Completion of this traineeship will prepare you to successfully pass the Illinois Child Welfare Licensing Exam (CWEL), the Child Abuse and Neglect Safety Assessment (CANS) exam, and the Child Endangerment Risk Assessment Protocol (CERAP). Submit applications and direct questions to: Faith Johnson Bonecutter, MSW, LCSW Associate Dean JACSW, Office: 4329 Phone: 312/996-3034 E-mail: faithjb@uic.edu Not Yet Enrolled? Apply to the MSW Program Academics Back to main content MSW Program Program Requirements Plan of Study Cost & Financial Aid Apply to the MSW Program Field Instruction Field Office Faculty & Staff Field Forms for Enrolled Students Field Instructor Resources Prospective Field Agencies Field Agency Search MSW/MPH Joint Degree Program Financial Aid Apply to MSW/MPH Program PhD Program Program Requirements Plan of Study Cost & Financial Aid Apply to the PhD Program Video Info Session Student Experiences in the PhD Program PhD Student Profiles PhD Program Newsletter Professional Educator License (PEL), School Social Worker Endorsement Apply to the PEL Program Student Experiences in the PEL Program MSW Accreditation