Home | Peoria Medicine Skip to content Campuses: College of Medicine | Chicago | Peoria | Rockford | Urbana | UIC | UIC Directory About Dean’s Leadership Fast Facts Strategic Planning Overview More About the Region Visiting the Campus Contact Us Education MD Admissions MD Curriculum Office of Academic Affairs Phase 1 Students Phase 2 Students Phase 3 Students Visiting Students Campus Specific Programs MD Student Services and Support Office of Student Affairs Awards and Scholarships MSPE Student Computing MD Student Life Diversity Peoria Medical Student Council Educational Environment Student Interest Groups Student Wellness Committee (SWC) Student Biographies Ceremonies and Events Parking Educational Policies Graduate Medical Education (GME) Residency Programs Fellowships Continuing Medical Education (CME) Faculty Development Research Patient Care Online Health Account Online Health Account FAQ Guest Pay Departments News Publications Upcoming Events Giving Gift Funds Methods of Giving Planned Giving Search for: Search for: Home tlowery1 2020-03-23T14:14:47-05:00 CORONAVIRUS: Daily updates and resources | Continuity: CIS guide to remote technology Loading... MD Curriculum Small Class Sizes. Rigorous. Hands-on. Clinically Relevant. Patient Care Providing inpatient and outpatient care throughout Peoria area. Residency Eleven ACGME-accredited residency programs. Research Cancer, stroke, Alzheimer's disease and much more. Prospective Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Patients Library Drew 2020-04-29T19:15:40-05:00 Coronavirus Updates The University of Illinois College of Medicine Peoria continues to follow the evolving situation with the Coronavirus pandemic and to work closely with the University of Illinois College of Medicine (Chicago), local clinical partners [...] Drew 2020-04-20T14:57:38-05:00 UICOMP Accepts Handmade Masks for Use by Students, Faculty and Staff The University of Illinois College of Medicine Peoria is accepting donations of handmade masks.With the recent CDC guidelines for everyone to wear masks in public, these donations of handmade masks will allow UICOMP to keep [...] Drew 2020-04-01T15:25:09-05:00 Kick Abuse 5K Run/Fun Walk goes VIRTUAL to raise awareness, funds against child abuse It’s the 8th annual race against child abuse, and the Pediatric Resource Center is taking their annual fundraising event virtual. The annual event is typically held at Kickapoo Creek Winery, but in light of the [...] Celebrating 50 Years in 2020: Share Your UICOMP Story! About Education Research Patient Care Departments News Giving INFORMATION FOR: Prospective Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni & Friends Patients RESOURCES: UIC Directory Blackboard Event Calendar Emergency Information Contact Us Apply Now Give Contact Us Connect with us! If you have questions, comments, or problems accessing this site, please E-mail the webmaster Search for: