DEEP™ Ready-to-sign License | Office of Technology Management | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Office of Technology Management Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Office of Technology Management Office of Technology Management Main Menu UIC Community Expand UIC Community menu Submit Your Idea! Chancellor’s Translational Research Initiative (CTRI) Inventor of the Year Ownership Guidelines How to Disclose What Happens Next? Industry Expand Industry menu Available Technologies Technology Portfolio NDAs MTAs & SRAs DEEP™ Ready-to-sign License Licensing FAQs Innovation Toolkit Expand Innovation Toolkit menu Innovation Handbooks Innovation Ecosystem Awards & Funding Opportunities Education Series About Expand About menu Impact Report FY 2019 Contact Us Staff Student Development News Events General FAQs Eyebrow menu UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Office of Technology Management Industry DEEP™ Ready-to-sign License DEEP™ Ready-to-sign License Ready-to-sign licenses are pre-approved licensing templates for select UIC technologies. Click on the UIC technology below to start the ready-to-sign license. (Estimate completion time 5 min) You will be taken to a fillable PDF that requests information about your organization and how you will utilize the UIC technology. OTMSubmission@uic.edu Please note: Licensees are not allowed to modify the terms of the license. The licenses provided are “as is”. Any license will not become effective until the license has been received and countersigned by UIC and all payments have been made by the prospective licensee. DEEP™ Diabetes Empowerment Education Program DEEP™ is a diabetes self-management program that has been shown to be successful in helping participants take control of their disease and reduce the risk of complications. DEEP™ was developed for use in low-income, racial and ethnic minority populations. It includes a training-of-trainers curriculum designed to engage community residents. Ready-to-sign Licensing Agreement call to action Edit icon Submit Your Idea! Phone icon Contact Us Industry Back to main content Available Technologies Technology Portfolio NDAs MTAs & SRAs DEEP™ Ready-to-sign License Licensing FAQs