Faculty and staff | Richard & Loan Hill Department of Bioengineering | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Richard & Loan Hill Department of Bioengineering Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Richard & Loan Hill Department of Bioengineering Richard & Loan Hill Department of Bioengineering Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Admissions Admitted Students Accreditation Bioengineering Major Bioinformatics Major Bioengineering Minor Courses Internships and Jobs Senior Design Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources Graduate Expand Graduate menu Admissions Admitted Students Courses MS Programs PhD Programs PhD Dissertations Post-Graduation Outcomes Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources Research Expand Research menu Research Areas Featured Research Grants Labs Faculty and Staff Expand Faculty and Staff menu About Us Department Head Core Faculty Affiliate Faculty Emeriti Staff Faculty Jobs News Expand News menu Annual Report Newsletter News Archive Events Expand Events menu Upcoming Events Event Calendar Annual Events Seminar Archive Eyebrow menu Giving Alumni UIC Engineering UIC Medicine UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search Faculty and staff View Menu Down arrow icon Our faculty UIC Department of Bioengineering faculty teach a diverse, talented student population in the heart of Chicago, where they are fully supported by a Research 1 institution that is committed to discovery and progress. The department has a tradition of strength in cell and tissue engineering, neural engineering, bioinformatics, biomedical imaging, biomechanics, and biomolecular engineering. Its 38 core faculty work alongside more than 100 affiliate faculty who represent departments across the UIC Colleges of Liberal Arts and Science, Applied Health Sciences, Dentistry, Engineering, Medicine, Pharmacy, and Nursing. UIC Bioengineering is committed to offering excellent opportunities in research and teaching across many areas of interest and expertise. Today, UIC Bioengineering enrolls more than 100 PhD students, more than 75 MS students, and more than 350 undergraduate students. Together, they help to make UIC one of the most diverse institutions in the country—it is ranked No. 9 in the United States for diversity by U.S. News & World Report . Graduates of our undergraduate program tend to enter positions in industry (approximately 40%) or go on to professional schools (medicine, dentistry, nursing, pharmacy, law; 30%) and graduate programs (30%). Alumni of our graduate programs pursue careers in industry, academia, national research labs and medicine. The UIC chapters of the Biomedical Engineering Society, Engineering World Health, and IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society provide an outlet for students to discuss topics in biomedical engineering and to work together on projects to promote health in the community and around the world. The UIC Bioengineering Student Journal allows students at all levels to engage in scholarly publication and get an early start on their research careers. Bioengineering faculty members support all of these groups as formal advisors and informal guides. Faculty Links About Us Learn about department founders and history Department Head Thomas J. Royston, PhD, professor and head of UIC’s Department of Bioengineering Core Faculty Full listing of our core faculty at UIC Affiliate Faculty Full listing of our affiliate faculty Emeriti Staff Faculty Jobs View open positions at UIC Bioengineering Department Brochure Read about the history & mission of the bioengineering 
department & full listing of core faculty Faculty and Staff Back to main content About Us Department Head Core Faculty Affiliate Faculty Emeriti Staff Faculty Jobs