Undergraduate Student Organizations | Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation Courses ME Major IE Major EM Major Minors Internships and Jobs Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources Graduate Expand Graduate menu Admissions Courses International Programs Master’s Programs PhD Programs PhD Dissertations Post-Graduation Outcomes Student Profiles Student Resources Research Expand Research menu Research Areas Labs Faculty and Staff Expand Faculty and Staff menu Department Head Core Faculty Affiliate Faculty Emeritus Faculty Staff Open Positions News Expand News menu Department Seminars News About Expand About menu Mechanical Engineering Industrial Engineering Energy Engineering Advisory Board Contact Head's Message Eyebrow menu Giving Alumni College of Engineering Home UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Undergraduate programs Undergraduate Student Organizations Undergraduate Student Organizations There are seven organizations that are especially interesting to undergraduate students majoring in mechanical engineering, industrial engineering, or engineering management. This page describes these groups and provides links to their sites. As a UIC Engineering student, you also have the opportunity to join student organizations that are housed in the College’s other five departments. You can find them all here . Don’t forget that as a UIC student, you also can propose and create a student organization that you don’t see on this list. student orgs American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics Members design and build remote-controlled aircraft, high-powered rockets, and quad-copters. ASHRAE ASHRAE promotes advancements in heating, ventilating, air conditioning, and refrigerating. American Society of Mechanical Engineers A professional organization for mechanical engineers that provides networking, employment opportunities, and more. Engineering Design Team Build robots for competition against other college teams from around the country. Institute of Industrial and Systems Engineers A professional organization that includes more than 15,000 industrial engineers worldwide. Pi Tau Sigma The national honor society for students of mechanical engineering. Society of Automotive Engineers Design, manufacture, test, and race two kinds of cars: a Formula-style car and an off-road mini Baja vehicle. College-wide student organizations Visit our college-wide student organizations page for information about other UIC College of Engineering student organizations, including interdisciplinary groups such as the National Association of Black Engineers, Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers, Society of Women Engineers, and Veterans in Engineering. See all COE organizations Undergraduate Back to main content Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation Courses ME Major IE Major EM Major Minors Internships and Jobs Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources