Help Students | College of Engineering | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo College of Engineering Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo College of Engineering College of Engineering Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Admitted Student Information Admissions Advising Career Outcomes Diversity Engineering Expo FAQ Majors and Minors Paid Internships Scholarships Student Groups Student Resources Women in Engineering Graduate Departments Research Expand Research menu Interdisciplinary Research Labs and Centers Support UIC Expand Support UIC menu Donate Online How to Give Help Students Empower Faculty Capital Projects About Expand About menu Dean Faculty Administration Staff Alumni Advisory Board Facilities Summer Camp News Contact Eyebrow menu Give Careers Alumni UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs College of Engineering Support UIC Engineering Help Students Help Students Scholarships Merit and need-based scholarships are essential for attracting and retaining qualified and dedicated students and to ensure that their learning is uninterrupted. Scholarship support gives students the chance to more fully immerse themselves in their studies, accept internships, attend conferences or seminars, or pursue independent research opportunities. Help us empower students to reach their educational goals and launch their engineering careers. Student Groups More than 30 student organizations call UIC College of Engineering home, and hundreds of students participate in them each year. Your gift to support them provides students with professional development, strong networks, and an additional point of access and support. To support all of our student organizations, we have launched two new funds: The Engineering Professional Student Organization Fund provides additional resources to our student groups as their membership grows along with the College’s enrollment. The Engineering Conference Attendance and Travel Fund provides resources for students to attend professional-development events to gain a deeper understanding of their fields and to network with employers. Conferences can provide a valuable career-building function, as students often return with job offers in hand. Make a gift online Google Maps image Contact UIC Engineering Advancement 851 S. Morgan, SEO 821, MC 159, Chicago, Illinois 60607 Phone: (312) 996-2168 Email: jkashuba@uic.edu