Join Us | AAAN Black Tech Scholars Program | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo AAAN Black Tech Scholars Program Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo AAAN Black Tech Scholars Program AAAN Black Tech Scholars Program Main Menu Meet The Scholars Projects Join Us Partners Eyebrow menu UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Join Us The Black Tech Scholars Program provides UIC African American undergraduate students in good academic standing with the opportunity to acquire technical and business acumen to start your own business and gain valuable hands-on experience with assigned digital projects. Starting in September 2018, this program features an evening course, which includes opportunities to engage in real-time digital projects and events. In addition to gaining relevant technical skills that will prepare them for careers within the tech industry, scholars also learn critical leadership, entrepreneurship and life skills under the guidance of staff members and mentors who are working professionals. Applicants must meet all of the following criteria: Have a strong interest in learning and applying web and mobile applications Have attended UIC Black Tech Scholars Informational Session Have exhibited involvement and utilization of AAAN services and programs Name (First, Last) * Required UIC email * Required Personal email * Required Phone Number Address * Required City, State Zip Code Student UIN * Required Cumulative GPA * Required Academic College Major * Required Gender * Required Male Female Prefer Not to Answer Racial or Ethical Identity African American/Black Caucasian/White Hispanic or Latino Asian Pacific Islander Two or more races Other Please list the classes and credit hours you will be taking for the Fall 2018 semester. * Required The UIC Black Tech Scholars Application section includes a personal essay (250-650 characters), which will be reviewed by our selection committee.  Applicants will choose from one of the four prompts: * Required 1. Some students have a background, identity, interest, or talent that is so meaningful they believe their application would be incomplete without it. If this sounds like you, then please share your story. 

2. The lessons we take from failure can be fundamental to later success. Recount an incident or time when you experienced failure. How did it affect you, and what did you learn from the experience? 

3. Reflect on a time when you challenged a belief or idea. What prompted you to act? Would you make the same decision again? 

4. Describe a problem you have solved or a problem you would like to solve. It can be an intellectual challenge, a research query, and any ethical dilemma - anything that is of personal importance, no matter the scale. Explain its significance to you and what steps you took or could take to identify a solution. This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.