Ohlsson, Stellan  | Psychology | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Psychology Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Psychology Psychology Main Menu People Expand People menu Faculty By Program Administration Graduate Students Research Associate Staff Academics Expand Academics menu Graduate Studies Undergraduate Studies Courses Expand Courses menu Academic Catalog Syllabi Archived Syllabi Research Expand Research menu Behavioral Neuroscience Clinical Cognitive Community and Prevention Research Social and Personality DIVERSITY Expand DIVERSITY menu Mission Statement Diversity Advancement Committee Programs and Initiatives Faculty Research Resources CLINIC DEPARTMENT Expand DEPARTMENT menu Contact Us News Calendar Human Subjects Statistics and Methods Clinic Support Intranet Online Teaching Resources Eyebrow menu las.uic.edu +Give UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search Stellan  Ohlsson, PhD Professor Cognitive Contact Building & Room: 1050C BSB Address: 1007 W Harrison Street Office Phone: (312) 996-6643 Email: stellan@uic.edu About Stellan Ohlsson is Professor of Psychology and Adjunct Professor of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) since 1996. He received his PhD in psychology from the University of Stockholm. He has held positions as Research Associate in the Robotics Institute at Carnegie-Mellon University and as Senior Scientist in the Learning Research and Development Center (LRDC) at the University of Pittsburgh. His work has been supported by the Office of Naval Research (ONR), the National Science Foundation (NSF) and other organizations. Dr. Ohlsson has published extensively on computational models of cognition, creative insight, skill acquisition, the design of instructional software and other topics in higher cognition. He lives in central Chicago with his wife, Elaine C. Ohlsson. His interests range from evolutionary biology to the history of World War II. He enjoys backpacking, SCUBA diving and traveling. Selected Publications Deep Learning: How the Mind Overrides Experience