Ownership Guidelines | Office of Technology Management | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Office of Technology Management Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Office of Technology Management Office of Technology Management Main Menu UIC Community Expand UIC Community menu Submit Your Idea! Chancellor’s Translational Research Initiative (CTRI) Inventor of the Year Ownership Guidelines How to Disclose What Happens Next? Industry Expand Industry menu Available Technologies Technology Portfolio NDAs MTAs & SRAs DEEP™ Ready-to-sign License Licensing FAQs Innovation Toolkit Expand Innovation Toolkit menu Innovation Handbooks Innovation Ecosystem Awards & Funding Opportunities Education Series About Expand About menu Impact Report FY 2019 Contact Us Staff Student Development News Events General FAQs Eyebrow menu UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Office of Technology Management UIC Community Ownership Guidelines Ownership Guidelines Defining Intellectual Property Intellectual property encompasses all forms of creativity such as inventions, software, discoveries, creative or artistic works, know-how, processes, and unique materials. For example, intellectual property may be machines, devices, instruments, computer programs, circuits, biological materials, chemicals, books, videos, photographs, paintings, sculptures, or songs. Intellectual property is protected by law through patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secrets. Multiple forms of protection may be used on the same piece of intellectual property. For example, computer software can be protected by copyright, patent, trade secret, and trademark. Intellectual property is also protected through agreements which control access and use of the intellectual property. Call to action Edit icon Submit Your Idea! Phone icon Contact Us Envelope icon Listserv UIC Community Back to main content Submit Your Idea! Chancellor’s Translational Research Initiative (CTRI) Inventor of the Year Ownership Guidelines Faculty Ownership Student Ownership Thesis Withholding How to Disclose What Happens Next?