Group Therapy Schedule | Counseling Center | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Counseling Center Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Counseling Center Counseling Center Main Menu About Us Expand About Us menu Mission and Values Scope of Practice Meet Our Staff Hours & Location Services Expand Services menu What to Expect Individual Counseling Group Therapy Couples Counseling Mind Body Services Psychiatry and Integrative Medicine Outreach Services and Programs Peer Support Network Crisis Expand Crisis menu Crisis Services Suicide Prevention and Education at UIC Online Resources Expand Online Resources menu COVID-19 Newsletters Mental Health Resources Coping with Recent Events Campus Resources Suicide Prevention and Education at UIC Concerned Others Expand Concerned Others menu For Parents, Faculty, Staff, and Concerned Others How to Help Someone in Distress Training Expand Training menu APA Accredited Doctoral Internship Program in Health Service Psychology Advanced Psychotherapy Externship Post-Doctoral Fellowship United Support Network Paraprofessional Program Eyebrow menu U&I Care Student Affairs UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Counseling Center Services Group Therapy Group Therapy Schedule Group Therapy Schedule Coronavirus Update: Groups While most group therapy activity is currently suspended due to an abundance of caution related to the coronavirus outbreak, the Counseling Center is working to maintain care with current group clients. As we continue to troubleshoot, some structured groups and workshops are planning to run remotely via online video platforms. Please see below for more details. Click here for additional upcoming remote workshops Group Schedules Interpersonal Process Groups Graduate and Undergraduate Student Process Groups* Mondays 3:05 p.m – 4:30 p.m. Tuesdays 2:05 p.m. – 3:20 p.m. Wednesdays 1:00 p.m. – 2:30 p.m. Fridays 11:00 a.m. – 12:30 p.m. Fridays 2:00 p.m. – 3:30 p.m. Graduate Student Only Process Groups* Tuesdays 4:00 p.m. – 5:30 p.m. Wednesdays 3:30 p.m. – 4:45 p.m. Thursdays 3:05 p.m. – 4:30 p.m. Specialized Groups Specialized Groups Women of Color Process Group* Mondays 3:00 p.m. – 4:30 p.m. Interpersonal process group for students who identify as Women of Color and have both an awareness of and openness to discussing in group the ways in which their minority identities impact their experiences. Student of Color Process Group* Thursdays 2:05 p.m – 3:25 p.m. Interpersonal process group for students who identify as a Person of Color and have both an awareness of and openness to discussing in group the ways in which their minority identities impact their experiences. Mood Masters Group Tuesdays, 4:30 p.m. – 6:00 p.m., s tarting February 11 th ! Fridays, 11:00 a.m. – 12:30 p.m., starting March 13th! This Mood Masters group is a condensed, 7-week, structured, Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT) skills-based group designed to help members identify and replace unhelpful patterns and ways of coping with more healthy coping strategies. The group teaches skills that help members tolerate difficult emotions, increase mindfulness, reduce distress, and increase positive emotions. The group will include skills-building worksheets and activities, mindfulness exercises, and discussion among members. Interpersonal Effectiveness Group Fridays, 11:00 a.m. – 12:30 p.m., starting January 31st! Tuesdays, 4:30 p.m. – 6:00 p.m., starting March 31st! This group is a 6-week structured group based on the Interpersonal Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT) skills. This group is designed to help members identify and change unhealthy patterns that they engage in with their relationships. The group will also teach members various interpersonal skills, i.e. assertiveness skills, how to effectively express your feelings and needs, how to be more conscientious toward other people even when you disagree with them. The group will include skills-building worksheets and activities, role plays, and discussion among members. Conquering Anxiety Group Thursdays, 3:00 p.m. – 4:15 p.m, starting April 9th via WebEx! Fridays, 1:15 p.m. – 2:30 p.m, starting April 10th via WebEx! This five-week group will help you address anxiety using the evidence-based approach behind Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT).  The aim of ACT is to bring an open and willing attitude toward all internal experiences and actively working on what you truly care about, even when pain is present. The goal of this group is to help you relate differently to your anxious feelings, depressed moods, worrying mind, and self-defeating behaviors. Sessions will include skill-building, mindfulness activities, group discussion, and experiential exercises. Grief and Healing Group Wednesdays 12:30 p.m. – 2:00 p.m., starting February 26th via WebEx! This ten-week, semi-structured group aims to help students who experienced or anticipate the death of a loved one. The goal of the group is to foster active grieving in relationship with others within a supportive space. Grieving with others can allow participants to embrace hope, face the feelings of loss, and feel “companioned” in their healing journey. Sessions will include topic-based discussion, open-ended processing, and experiential activities, such as journaling. LGBQ Process Group Mixed grad and undergrad interpersonal process therapy group for students who identify as Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Questioning, Queer, and/or other sexual minority identities to explore issues related to sexual orientation, gender identity, and interpersonal experiences.  Trans and gender nonconforming individuals who also hold sexual minority identities are welcome to this group. The LGBQ interpersonal process group offers a space for group members to gain support in integrating orientation and identity with other areas of the students’ lives. Women’s Process Group* Thursdays 3:30 p.m. – 4:45 p.m. Interpersonal process group for students who identify as women and want to better understand themselves and others in relationships. This group addresses emotional expression, relationship building, and exploration of roles assumed by women. Men’s Process Group* Wednesdays 4:15 p.m. – 5:30 p.m. Interpersonal process group for students who identify as men and want to better understand themselves and others in relationships. This group addresses emotional expression, relationship building, and exploration of roles assumed by men. Trauma-Informed Yoga Group Thursdays, 1:00 p.m. – 2:30 p.m., not planning to run Spring 2020 – check back for updates! The Trauma-Informed Yoga Group is an ongoing weekly group that utilizes movement and the body as tools to promote healing from trauma. This group is specifically designed to support individuals with a history of Complex Trauma (trauma with a relational component such as sexual assault, childhood sexual, physical or emotional abuse, domestic abuse/abusive relationships, or war-trauma). The group includes about 45 minutes of a gentle trauma-informed yoga practice and about 45 minutes of psychoeducation about trauma and discussion. All levels of yoga experience are welcome, and we will provide mats and any equipment needed for the group. Please note there will be NO physical touch/assists in the group at any time. *Please note that new members are often welcomed to join process groups at any time of the year, pending availability. Please also note that the majority of the subsequent groups have a maximum capacity of eight group therapy clients at a given time. Group therapy offerings can change from semester to semester. Services Back to main content What to Expect Individual Counseling Group Therapy Couples Counseling Mind Body Services Koru Mindfulness Workshops Self-Compassion Workshop Trauma-Informed Yoga Group Biofeedback Services Psychiatry and Integrative Medicine Outreach Services and Programs Peer Support Network