UIC Alerts | Emergency Information | UIC Emergency Information Skip to Content Eyebrow Navigation UIC Find People Departments A-Z Library Athletics Common U I C menu UIC Find People Departments A-Z Library Athletics Search for: Skip to Content Main Navigation Home UIC Alerts Public Safety Advisories Get alerts for websites Main Menu Home UIC Alerts Public Safety Advisories Get alerts for websites Recent Posts UIC Alert ALL CLEAR Power has been restored to all campus buildings. Contact UIC FM at 312-996-7511 to report issues. Return to your normal activities. Update #2 East campus restored. Facilities continues to respond to West campus. If you need assistance , contact UIC Police at 312-355-5555 Outage Update #1 Facilities continues to respond. If you need assistance or medical attention, contact UIC Police at 312-355-5555. POWER OUTAGE affecting buildings on both the East and West Campus. UIC Facilities and Police are responding. Execute appropriate safety precaution. POWER OUTAGE affecting buildings on the West Campus. UIC Facilities and Police are responding. Execute appropriate safety precautions. Archives April 2020 March 2020 February 2020 December 2019 November 2019 October 2019 August 2019 July 2019 May 2019 April 2019 March 2019 January 2019 Apr 20 2020 by UIC Alert UIC Alert ALL CLEAR Power has been restored to all campus buildings. Contact UIC FM at 312-996-7511 to report issues. Return to your normal activities. Posted in UIC Alerts UIC Alert ALL CLEAR Power has been restored to all campus buildings. Contact UIC FM at 312-996-7511 to report issues. Return to your normal activities. Apr 20 2020 by UIC Alert Update #2 East campus restored. Facilities continues to respond to West campus. If you need assistance , contact UIC Police at 312-355-5555 Posted in UIC Alerts UIC Alert: Update #2 East campus restored. Facilities continues to respond to West campus. If you need assistance or medical attention, contact UIC Police at 312-355-5555. More information as available at emergency.uic.edu. Apr 20 2020 by UIC Alert Outage Update #1 Facilities continues to respond. If you need assistance or medical attention, contact UIC Police at 312-355-5555. Posted in UIC Alerts UIC Alert: Outage Update #1 Facilities continues to respond. If you need assistance or medical attention, contact UIC Police at 312-355-5555. More information as available at emergency.uic.edu. Apr 20 2020 by UIC Alert POWER OUTAGE affecting buildings on both the East and West Campus. UIC Facilities and Police are responding. Execute appropriate safety precaution. Posted in UIC Alerts UIC Alert: POWER OUTAGE affecting buildings on both the East and West Campus. UIC Facilities and Police are responding. Execute appropriate safety precautions. More information as available at emergency.uic.edu. Apr 20 2020 by UIC Alert POWER OUTAGE affecting buildings on the West Campus. UIC Facilities and Police are responding. Execute appropriate safety precautions. Posted in UIC Alerts UIC Alert: POWER OUTAGE affecting buildings on the West Campus. UIC Facilities and Police are responding. Execute appropriate safety precautions. More information as available at emergency.uic.edu. Apr 07 2020 by UIC Alert UIC ALERT [TEST]: This is an ALL CLEAR notification. The UIC ALERT emergency notification system TEST has ended. Posted in UIC Alerts UIC ALERT [TEST]: This is an ALL CLEAR notification. The UIC ALERT emergency notification system TEST has ended. Additional information about emergency situations, active threat response, and important weather announcements can be found on emergency.uic.edu and ready.uic.edu. Thank you for your participation. Apr 07 2020 by UIC Alert UIC ALERT TEST: This is a TEST of the UIC ALERT emergency notification system. No action is required. This is only a test. Posted in UIC Alerts UIC ALERT [TEST]: This is a TEST of the UIC ALERT emergency notification system. No action is required. This is only a test. In the event of an actual emergency, you would be given brief details and directed to the emergency.uic.edu and the uic.edu homepage. Thank you for your participation. Apr 07 2020 by UIC Alert [Urgent] Public Safety Advisory Posted in Public Safety On Tuesday, April 7, at approximately 4:15 p.m., UIC Police responded to a report of an armed robbery that occurred at 1234 S. Union St. The victim, who is not affiliated with UIC, reported that she was walking southbound when she was approached by an unknown offender. The offender, who is described as a black female in her late 20’s, approximately 5’10” tall, wearing a black tank top, skinny jeans, and braided hair, grabbed the victim’s purse causing the victim to be slammed to the ground. The victim received minor injuries during the altercation and refused medical attention. The offender entered a gray sedan as a passenger and the car fled southbound on Union St. Approximate crime location mapped: https://goo.gl/maps/haEW7iqnNbbrZcku9 The Chicago Police Department will lead the investigation. Anyone with information should call 311. UIC Police offer the following security tips: Be aware of your surroundings. Use all your senses to be alert for danger, and when walking alone, don’t wear headphones or earbuds. Don’t display valuables in public. On campus, look for the location of the nearest emergency call box (there are more than 1,500 across campus.) To contact the UIC Police, call 312-355-5555 for emergencies or 312-996-2830 for non-emergencies. Report crime promptly to police. Public safety advisories are distributed to the university community in compliance with the federal Clery Act. UIC Police may also issue notifications for off-campus crimes in the interest of public-safety awareness. Security tips are standard precautions, not special or incident-specific measures. Offender descriptions and precise locations are provided only to aid in the identification of possible suspects. Updates to investigations are not sent by email but will be posted online at: http://emergency.uic.edu/public-safety-advisory/ UIC Annual Security Report http://www.clery.uic.edu Chicago Police Department Crime Incidents http://gis.chicagopolice.org/clearmap/startpage.htm Urgent notifications may be sent via both INSTANT TEXT MESSAGE (SMS) and URGENT mass e-mails. SMS messages — issued only in cases of immediate threat to health and safety, such as a tornado alert, or a major disruption to travel — are faster and more reliable than e-mail. The campus strongly recommends that you register your cell phone for SMS messages at http://sms.uic.edu Mar 20 2020 by UIC Alert [URGENT] Public Safety Advisory Posted in Public Safety On Thursday, March 19, at approximately 10:48 p.m., UIC Police responded to an attempted armed robbery at 1339 S. Halsted St. The offender, described as a black male, approximately 6’ tall, 175-180 pounds, wearing a dark blue Nike hoodie, light blue skinny jeans and white Jordan shoes, entered the rear of the business, stated that he had a weapon and demanded money from the employees. The offender then fled through the rear of the building while displaying a black handgun, without taking any money. The victim has no UIC affiliation and no injuries were reported. UIC Police will lead the investigation. Anyone with information should call 312-996-2830. Approximate crime location mapped: https://goo.gl/maps/awtAu3pmKciaa3wA8 UIC Police offer the following security tips: Be aware of your surroundings. Use all your senses to be alert for danger, and when walking alone, don’t wear headphones or earbuds. Don’t display valuables in public. On campus, look for the location of the nearest emergency call box (there are more than 1,500 across campus.) To contact the UIC Police, call 312-355-5555 for emergencies or 312-996-2830 for non-emergencies. Report crime promptly to police. Public safety advisories are distributed to the university community in compliance with the federal Clery Act. UIC Police may also issue notifications for off-campus crimes in the interest of public-safety awareness. Security tips are standard precautions, not special or incident-specific measures. Offender descriptions and precise locations are provided only to aid in the identification of possible suspects. Updates to investigations are not sent by email but will be posted online at: http://emergency.uic.edu/public-safety-advisory/ UIC Annual Security Report http://www.clery.uic.edu Chicago Police Department Crime Incidents http://gis.chicagopolice.org/clearmap/startpage.htm Urgent notifications may be sent via both INSTANT TEXT MESSAGE (SMS) and URGENT mass e-mails. SMS messages — issued only in cases of immediate threat to health and safety, such as a tornado alert, or a major disruption to travel — are faster and more reliable than e-mail. The campus strongly recommends that you register your cell phone for SMS messages at http://sms.uic.edu Mar 09 2020 by UIC Alert [URGENT] Public Safety Advisory Posted in Public Safety On Monday, March 9, at approximately 12:10 a.m. the UIC Police Department received notification from the Chicago Police Department that the owner of a Jaguar (unknown year/model/color) left the car running, unattended, outside of a business near 800 W. Maxwell St. An unknown offender took the vehicle without permission from the owner and fled. The victim reported that he is a concealed carry owner and the firearm was left inside the vehicle. The Chicago Police Department will lead the investigation. Anyone with information should call 311. Approximate crime location mapped: https://goo.gl/maps/PPS5XboUhkpR6rwSA UIC Police offer the following security tips: Be aware of your surroundings. Use all your senses to be alert for danger, and when walking alone, don’t wear headphones or earbuds. Do not leave a vehicle running and unattended, even for a short time. Don’t display valuables in public. On campus, look for the location of the nearest emergency call box (there are more than 1,500 across campus.) To contact the UIC Police, call 312-355-5555 for emergencies or 312-996-2830 for non-emergencies. Report crime promptly to police. Public safety advisories are distributed to the university community in compliance with the federal Clery Act. UIC Police may also issue notifications for off-campus crimes in the interest of public-safety awareness. Security tips are standard precautions, not special or incident-specific measures. Offender descriptions and precise locations are provided only to aid in the identification of possible suspects. Updates to investigations are not sent by email but will be posted online at: http://emergency.uic.edu/public-safety-advisory/ UIC Annual Security Report http://www.clery.uic.edu Chicago Police Department Crime Incidents http://gis.chicagopolice.org/clearmap/startpage.htm Urgent notifications may be sent via both INSTANT TEXT MESSAGE (SMS) and URGENT mass e-mails. SMS messages — issued only in cases of immediate threat to health and safety, such as a tornado alert, or a major disruption to travel — are faster and more reliable than e-mail. The campus strongly recommends that you register your cell phone for SMS messages at http://sms.uic.edu Previous Posts © Copyright 2015-2020 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois Footer Navigation Follow Us Disability Resources Emergency Information Privacy Policy Contact Us