Media Center | College of Pharmacy | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo College of Pharmacy Search the site Toggle Menu Search College of Pharmacy College of Pharmacy Main Menu Programs Expand Programs menu PharmD Graduate Programs Residency & Fellowship Continuing Education Departments and Centers Expand Departments and Centers menu Departments Research Centers and Groups Faculty Expertise Alumni and Giving Expand Alumni and Giving menu Campaign – Impact Report Volunteer Opportunities Stay Connected Alumni and Advancement Staff About Expand About menu Media Center Events By The Numbers Our History Chicago Campus Rockford Campus Strategic Plan Diversity and Inclusion Eyebrow menu Apply Current Student Site Make a Gift Directory UIC menu UI Health UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs College of Pharmacy About Media Center Media Center Most Current Stories A list of ways UIC College of Pharmacy’s faculty, students and alumni are changing the world! Most Recent Stories All the way to Malta Tuesday, April 28, 2020 Over the last decade, UIC has helped the University of Malta, the premier university in the European nation, launch its Doctor of Pharmacy program, initiated training programs for both faculty and students, and more! Award-Winning Capstone Course Turns Classroom into "Labs of Innovation" Monday, April 20, 2020 In establishing a capstone, the course designers wanted students to bring together knowledge from multiple previous courses and practice clinical pharmacy in complex cases. UIC COP – In the Midst of Crisis, You Excel Tuesday, April 14, 2020 Dear Alumni, Friends, Faculty, Staff, and Students, While COVID-19 is disrupting life around the globe, the UIC College of Pharmacy family has banded together to address the challenges we face in ways that… Driving Diversity Friday, April 10, 2020 Through various programs, including an innovative pipeline program for high school students, the College of Pharmacy’s Urban Health Program helps to diversify the College and the profession. Closing a Door to Opioid Addiction Tuesday, April 7, 2020 Five years before the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services declared the opioid crisis a public health emergency in 2017, Dr. Maya Campara, PharmD ’06, noticed kidney donors struggling with the ill effects of opioids. Women's History Month Profile: Ms. Paula Fleming Friday, March 27, 2020 For today's highlight, we are honoring Ms. Paula Ann Fleming, who worked in the College of Pharmacy’s Office of Student Affairs (OSA) for over 30 years. Story Archives Alumni Magazine Links to the online version of the alumni magazine. Spring 2020 Closing a Door to Opioid Addiction The Transplant Pharmacy team at UI Health spurs the effort to minimize the use of opioids following surgery. UIC Tends to the Underserved in CommunityHealth Partnership UIC Pharmacy plays a key role in a vital clinic. Turning Classrooms into “Labs of Innovation” Capstone course allows for fresh exploration of material. Driving Diversity The UIC College of Pharmacy Urban Health Program helps diversify the profession. All the Way to Malta UIC Pharmacy continues to strengthen the ongoing partnership with the University of Malta. Read The Online Version Past Magazines Winter 2020 Real Life in Practice Fall 2019 Entrepreneurial Drive Magazine Archives All our past issues Social Media Even more UIC College of Pharmacy content is available on your social platform of choice. Social Media Facebook - Chicago Campus Facebook - Chicago Campus Twitter - College Instagram - College YouTube - College LinkedIn  - College About Back to main content Media Center Events By The Numbers Our History Chicago Campus Rockford Campus A Letter from the Rockford Dean Strategic Plan Diversity and Inclusion Diversity Strategic Thinking and Planning (DSTP) Committee Programs/Events Community Engagement Student-Community Engagement Reporting Form Faculty-Community Engagement Reporting Form Diversity Partners and College Resources Annual Report 2018-2019 Travel Award Upcoming Events & News