UIC Community | Office of Technology Management | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Office of Technology Management Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Office of Technology Management Office of Technology Management Main Menu UIC Community Expand UIC Community menu Submit Your Idea! Chancellor’s Translational Research Initiative (CTRI) Inventor of the Year Ownership Guidelines How to Disclose What Happens Next? Industry Expand Industry menu Available Technologies Technology Portfolio NDAs MTAs & SRAs DEEP™ Ready-to-sign License Licensing FAQs Innovation Toolkit Expand Innovation Toolkit menu Innovation Handbooks Innovation Ecosystem Awards & Funding Opportunities Education Series About Expand About menu Impact Report FY 2019 Contact Us Staff Student Development News Events General FAQs Eyebrow menu UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search UIC Community View Menu Down arrow icon See What OTM Can Do for You All university members (faculty, staff, and students) may submit ideas and innovations. Our experienced staff will screen university innovations for commercial potential and work with inventors to develop a strategy for commercialization, which may include identifying licensing partners or providing resources for university members to create a start-up venture. Disclose your innovation today! Start the Disclosure Process! otm To learn more about what OTM can do for you, explore the links below: Call to Action Learn More! Educate yourself on the technology transfer process, what makes a good  patent, starts-ups, and more! Disclosure Form Start here to submit your innovation. Inventor Resources Explore resources for our University entrepreneurs. Call to Action Matrix icon Technology Portfolio Edit icon Entrepreneur Resources Document icon General FAQs Graduate icon Student Development People Icon Staff Phone icon Contact Us UIC Community Back to main content Submit Your Idea! Chancellor’s Translational Research Initiative (CTRI) Inventor of the Year Ownership Guidelines Faculty Ownership Student Ownership Thesis Withholding How to Disclose What Happens Next?