LGBTQ+ Inclusion | Office for Access and Equity | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Office for Access and Equity Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Office for Access and Equity Office for Access and Equity Main Menu Sexual Misconduct Nondiscrimination Expand Nondiscrimination menu Access and Equity Policies, Statements, Guidelines & Information LGBTQ+ Inclusion Reporting Discrimination And Harassment Resources Sexual Harassment Disputes Expand Disputes menu Trainings Offered Request DRS DRS Mediators Agreement to Mediate Form Additional Resources Accommodations Expand Accommodations menu Accommodation Request Form Employee Accommodation Policy Pregnancy and Postpartum Religious Searches Expand Searches menu Search Process Search Resources Frequently Asked Questions Eyebrow menu Reporting OAE Policies and Guidelines Lactation Rooms Trainings Contact Us UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Office for Access and Equity Nondiscrimination LGBTQ+ Inclusion LGBTQ+ Inclusion UIC is committed to full inclusion and participation of all individuals in all aspects of university life. Further, UIC seeks to provide an academic, social and physical environment that makes students, staff, faculty, alumni, and other individuals of all gender identities and expressions feel safe and welcome on our campus. Non-Discrimination Policy The University of Illinois and UIC include sexual orientation and gender identity in the University's Non-Discrimination Statement . If you experience harassment or bias due to your sexual orientation or gender identity or expression, please contact the Office of Access and Equity. Campus Records and IDs Students, faculty, and staff at UIC may use a first name other than their legal name to identify themselves for a variety of reasons. For Employees Name changes are submitted by an employee’s home department. Employees on the Chicago campus should complete the Name and SSN Change Form . Additional information may be found on the University of Illinois HR website . Gender changes may be made by the employee in the My Profile system . The change does not require disclosure to an employee's supervisor or department. For Students UIC's Gender and Sexual Center maintains a campus records resource guide to help guides student who seek to change or update a preferred name, legal name, or gender marker with the University. All-Gender Restrooms Consistent with UIC's commitment to human dignity, everyone at UIC has the right to use bathroom facilities that correspond to their sex or Gender Identity or to utilize single-stall bathroom facilities that are designated gender-inclusive. Further no one is allowed to require that an individual show any form of identification in order to use a bathroom facility at UIC. UIC has implemented the Nondiscriminatory Bathroom Access policy to ensure that everyone at UIC feels safe in bathroom facilities and welcomed on campus regardless of their sex, sexual orientation, or Gender Identity. In addition, this policy fosters compliance with state and federal laws concerning human rights, harassment, and discrimination UIC's Gender and Sexuality Center maintains a regularly updated list of single-stall all-gender restrooms on campus. UIC's Office of Facility and Space Planning compiled a list of single-stall all-gender restrooms via a space inventory analysis . External Resources Equality Illinois Equality Illinois builds a better Illinois by advancing equal treatment and full acceptance of the LGBTQ community. Transgender Law Center The largest national trans-led organization advocating self-determination for all people. WPATH The interdisciplinary professional and educational organization devoted to transgender health. Nondiscrimination Back to main content Access and Equity Policies, Statements, Guidelines & Information LGBTQ+ Inclusion Reporting Discrimination And Harassment Resources Sexual Harassment