Business Connect | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Business Connect Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Business Connect Business Connect Main Menu Undergrad Expand Undergrad menu New Undergrad Students Current Undergrad Students Business Scholars Undergrad Programs Other UIC Students Graduate Expand Graduate menu New Grad Students Current Grad Students Graduate Programs Business Career Center Commencement Eyebrow menu Business.UIC.edu My UIC Blackboard UIC Careers Visit Our Blog UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search UIC Logo Business Connect Business Connect Welcome to Business Connect Welcome to the new UIC Business Connect. As a UIC Business student, consider this site a resource for key academic, career and campus information. As a supplement to your professors and advisers, Business Connect is here to help you succeed with your academic goals, enhance your experience as a UIC Business student and help facilitate a successful future beyond your time on campus. Check back often for updates on featured courses, important deadlines and events. Coronavirus Updates and Planning for Students For resources relating to COVID-19, please visit the site below. Coronavirus Updates and Planning for Students Get Coloring While we cannot  be together on campus, you can still enjoy the beautiful scenery of UIC with these coloring pages. If you’re feeling antsy inside, flex your creativity and color campus for spring! Get Coloring Explore Business Connect Undergrad Students Find course syllabi, petitions, student organizations to join, campus policies, and more. Grad Students Find easy access to college resources such as how to make an advising appointment, career opportunities and more. Business Career Center Career exploration and planning, opportunities to engage with professionals from the Chicago Business Community. Blog Spot: UIC Business AMA Visits Facebook Chicago HQ Members of UIC Business American Marketing Association (AMA) share their insights after a visit to the social media giant, Facebook Chicago headquarters. Read More on Our Blog Upcoming Events May 5 2020 CANCELED: Branding Day: Becker CPA Tuesday, 10:00 am - 1:00 pm May 6 2020 CANCELED: Branding Day: Becker CPA Wednesday, 10:00 am - 1:00 pm May 12 2020 Accounting Placement Exam Tuesday, 9:30 am - 2:00 pm May 16 2020 May Virtual Graduation Celebration Saturday Jun 2 2020 Accounting Placement Exam Tuesday, 9:30 am - 2:00 pm More Events