New Students Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , Google Translate , the site search form or go to the the site home page . UIC Logo College of Applied Health Sciences Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo College of Applied Health Sciences College of Applied Health Sciences Google Translate Main Menu Faculty and Staff Resources Expand Faculty and Staff Resources menu AHS Awards Communications Human Resources Office of Research Expand Office of Research menu Proposal Development AHS Approval External Review IRB Applications Poster Printing AHS Interdisciplinary Pilot Grant Program Expand AHS Interdisciplinary Pilot Grant Program menu AHS Interdisciplinary Pilot Grant recipients Funding Agency Newsletters Student Resources Expand Student Resources menu New Students Advising Registration and Forms Support Expand Support menu ASAP Tutoring schedule and staff Involvement Policies and Handbooks Graduation Expand Graduation menu Apply to Graduate Faculty Information Career Calendar News Submit COVID-19 Eyebrow menu Inside AHS AHS Directory Give to AHS UIC menu UIC.edu UI Health Campus Map Search the site COVID-19 on Inside AHS COVID-19 updates, resources and announcements for AHS students, faculty and staff View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Home Inside AHS Student Resources New Students New Students Welcome to AHS! Are you a newly admitted AHS student? You’re in the right place! Here you’ll find information and resources to help you identify and take your next steps as an AHS student. UIC Admissions next steps The Nexus Activate your NetID Get social Live chat support We envision a world in which every person can live a healthy and self-determined life. Do you? New student resources Placement testing Complete placement testing UIC Orientation Sign up for the summer 2020 virtual orientation UIC Office of the Registrar Register for courses UIC Campus Housing Learn about campus housing Graduate and professional students Newly admitted graduate and professional students should consult their respective AHS program to obtain information on new student orientation and prematriculation requirements. Undergraduate students Participation in the New Student Orientation is required for all new AHS undergraduate students. AHS undergraduate students may also be required to participate in campus and program-specific orientation events. New undergraduate students will have an opportunity to meet with an academic advisor during the New Student Orientation. Academic advisors are unable to meet with students who have not participated in the New Student Orientation. Please direct any questions about orientation to ahsinfo@uic.edu. Transfer students are expected to meet with their academic advisor during orientation. Readmitted students are not required to attend orientation but should make an appointment with an academic advisor as soon as possible prior to the start of the semester. UPCOMING EVENTS There are several opportunities to learn more about our programs and connect with our faculty, advisors and students prior to enrolling.  Consider attending one of the following events to learn more. April 16 at noon: Information session for newly admitted AHS undergraduate students April 22 at 6 p.m.: Spark your Future with AHS April 28 at 2 p.m.: Information session for newly admitted AHS undergraduate students TBD: Nutrition information session TBD: Kinesiology information session TBD:Rehabilitation Sciences information session AHS Live Chat available Monday – Friday, 9am – 4pm We are happy to answer any questions you have Email ahsinfo@uic.edu Phone (312) 996-2079 Address 1919 W. Taylor St. 516 AHSB (MC 528) Chicago, IL 60612 Chat go.uic.edu/AHSLiveChat Inside AHS Back to main content Faculty and Staff Resources Expand Faculty and Staff Resources menu AHS Awards Communications Human Resources Office of Research Expand Office of Research menu Proposal Development AHS Approval External Review IRB Applications Poster Printing AHS Interdisciplinary Pilot Grant Program Expand AHS Interdisciplinary Pilot Grant Program menu AHS Interdisciplinary Pilot Grant recipients Funding Agency Newsletters Student Resources Expand Student Resources menu New Students Advising Registration and Forms Support Expand Support menu ASAP Tutoring schedule and staff Involvement Policies and Handbooks Graduation Expand Graduation menu Apply to Graduate Faculty Information Career Calendar News Submit COVID-19 Follow Inside AHS Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram YouTube