Power of Nursing Leadership | College of Nursing | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo College of Nursing Search the site Toggle Menu Search College of Nursing College of Nursing Main Menu Programs & Applying Expand Programs & Applying menu Find Your Program Apply Now Cost & Financial Aid Six Campuses Student Life Degree and certificate programs Bachelor of Science in Nursing Master of Science for non-RNs Master of Science for RNs Doctor of Nursing Practice Doctor of Philosophy Certificate Programs Research Expand Research menu Facilities & Resources Centers. Labs & Interest Groups Current Funded Research Practice Expand Practice menu Mile Square Health Center – Humboldt Park Correctional Health Initiatives Faculty Practice & Consulting Nursing Professional Development Alumni Expand Alumni menu Meet Our Alumni Upcoming Events Alumni Board Alumni Mentor Program Alumni Awards REUNION Vital Signs Magazine Give to UIC Nursing Update Your Information Office of Advancement News & Events Expand News & Events menu All News All Events Info Sessions Social Media About Expand About menu Our Story Our Faculty Leadership Executive Team Academic Departments Global Health Diversity & Inclusion Power of Nursing Leadership Job Openings Accreditation Student Resources Faculty & Staff Resources Office of Academic Programs Global Health Leadership Office Office of Research Facilitation Contact Us Eyebrow menu CollegeInsider Make a Gift Directory UIC menu UI Health UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs College of Nursing About Power of Nursing Leadership Power of Nursing Leadership This iconic event celebrating Illinois nurse leaders has been led by the UIC College of Nursing for more than 20 years. Weaver quote I’m proud to be continuing this indispensable event. It’s vital that we take one day each year to laud the impact of nurse leaders who are shaping healthcare. Terri Weaver | Dean, UIC College of Nursing Visit the event site PNL narrative pt. I Origin of the Power of Nursing Leadership luncheon On a November day in 1998, nurse leaders from all over Illinois made their way to the Chicago Cultural Center in the Loop. They assembled there for a celebration that would become a highlight of every fall for more than two decades: The Power of Nursing Leadership event. The event was conceived by then dean Joan Shaver, PhD, RN, FAAN who felt that the UIC College of Nursing had an obligation as the major source of remarkable nurse leaders in Illinois. “We have decided to act on the college’s responsibility, by virtue of our rank, positions and legacy, and by virtue of the positions its alumni have assumed,” wrote Shaver in the spring 1998 issue of the college’s magazine, Vital Signs , where she announced the first Power of Nursing Leadership event. She went on to write that the event “will celebrate both the development and recognition of nursing’s collective leadership in the state and beyond.” By its 10th anniversary, the Power of Nursing Leadership event had moved to the Hilton Chicago’s Grand Ballroom to accommodate the more than 600 participants. Over the years, the event has featured inspiring keynotes from celebrated voices including writer Maya Angelou (2002), journalist Linda Ellerbe (2004), attorney Ted Kennedy Jr. (2010) and former U.S. Surgeon General David Satcher (2011). “I’m proud to be continuing this indispensable  event,” says Terri Weaver, now dean of the College of Nursing. “It’s vital that we take one day each year to laud the impact of nurse leaders who are shaping healthcare.” About Back to main content Our Story Our Faculty Leadership Executive Team External Advisory Board Academic Departments Biobehavioral Health Science For AGNP Preceptors: Current and Future BHS Faculty BHS Staff Health Systems Science HSS Faculty HSS Staff Women, Children and Family Health Science WCFHS Faculty WCFHS Staff Global Health WHO Designations Legends in UIC Global Health International Scholars & Non-Degree Students Diversity & Inclusion Power of Nursing Leadership Job Openings Accreditation Student Resources Registration Undergraduate Forms Graduate & Professional Forms Student Success Program Scholarships PhD Research Awards International Experience Awards The Skelly Fund Student Organizations Graduating Student Awards Commencement Frequently Asked Questions Commencement information for guests Faculty & Staff Resources Office of Academic Programs Global Health Leadership Office Office of Research Facilitation Research Development Support Research Seminars Faculty Funding Opportunities Contact Us