College of Urban Planning and Public Affairs | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo College of Urban Planning and Public Affairs Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo College of Urban Planning and Public Affairs College of Urban Planning and Public Affairs Main Menu Admissions & Aid Expand Admissions & Aid menu Prospective Undergraduate Student Information Degrees & Deadlines Paying for College Request Information Academics Expand Academics menu Department of Public Administration Department of Urban Planning and Policy CUPPA Academic Advising Degree Programs and Fields of Study Student Resources Research Expand Research menu Research Centers and Institutes Careers Expand Careers menu Career Services Job Opportunities CUPPA Alumni People Expand People menu Staff Faculty Adjunct Faculty Research Faculty Urban Scholars Public Administration PhD Students Urban Planning and Policy PhD Students Student Organizations About Expand About menu Leadership Celebrate Our Differences Sweet Home Chicago News Events Giving CUPPA Communications Contact Us Eyebrow menu Contact Us CUPPA Directory Make a Gift UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search UIC Logo College of Urban Planning and Public Affairs College of Urban Planning and Public Affairs Promoting just, resilient, and livable communities We are the University of Illinois System’s home for the study of public policy and contemporary urban challenges. We are CUPPA. call to action Speech bubble icon Advising Information Document icon Request information Map pin icon Visit campus Check icon Apply now Graduate icon CUPPA Careers Job Blog CUPPA Information on COVID-19 Masters Application Deadlines and Extensions Here! Video We are CUPPA. Research productivity Our Public Administration department faculty’s research productivity ranked #5 nationally. National leader We are one of the nation’s largest graduate programs in urban planning. Accredited Masters programs Our MPA and MUPP programs have been accredited every year for over four decades. Research value CUPPA plays a leading role in research  to benefit our  students, our scholarship, and our communities. Apply to the degree program that fits you CUPPA’s top ranked accredited academic departments feature over 500 students studying a broad scope of undergraduate degrees along side two professional accredited graduate programs in Public Administration and Urban Planning and Policy. Read more about our degrees Apply to the degree program that fits you NASPAA Accredited MPA Network of Schools of Public Policy, Affairs, and Administration PAB Accredited MUPP Planning Accreditation Board Urban Affairs Association Institution Institutional Member of the Urban Affairs Association CUPPA News Department of Public Administration Department of Urban Planning and Policy Research Centers and Institutes CUPPA News and Events UDVL Partners With Institute Of Government And Public Affairs To Create Tool To Measure Human Toll Of Pandemic Posted on April 28, 2020 UPP Head Nik Theodore, co-authored Crain's Chicago Op-ed on Releasing Non-Violent Inmates Posted on April 21, 2020 PA's Jiaqi Liang Quoted In Vox Article On China's Relationship With US Amid COVID-19 Posted on April 18, 2020 Kate Albrecht Quoted In Crain's On Cook County's Response To COVID-19 Posted on April 18, 2020 GFRC's Amanda Kass Discusses IGPA Report And Illinois Budget On The 21st Posted on April 16, 2020 More news May 16 2020 Virtual CUPPA Commencement Celebration! Saturday, 12:00 am–11:59 pm Virtual.  Website location coming soon. More events