Undergraduate Admitted Students | Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation Courses ME Major IE Major EM Major Minors Internships and Jobs Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources Graduate Expand Graduate menu Admissions Courses International Programs Master’s Programs PhD Programs PhD Dissertations Post-Graduation Outcomes Student Profiles Student Resources Research Expand Research menu Research Areas Labs Faculty and Staff Expand Faculty and Staff menu Department Head Core Faculty Affiliate Faculty Emeritus Faculty Staff Open Positions News Expand News menu Department Seminars News About Expand About menu Mechanical Engineering Industrial Engineering Energy Engineering Advisory Board Contact Head's Message Eyebrow menu Giving Alumni College of Engineering Home UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Undergraduate programs Undergraduate Admitted Students Undergraduate Admitted Students Welcome to the Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering! Congratulations on your admission. In being selected for UIC’s next undergraduate class, you have taken the first step toward becoming a remarkable engineer. Amazing new experiences await. As soon as you arrive on campus, you will be able to explore our cutting-edge research labs , get to know the faculty who will be responsible for your UIC education, and meet the other students with whom you will eventually join a close-knit network of more than 26,000 UIC Engineering alumni. For now, all you need to focus on is preparing for the start of your UIC experience. Please watch your email for specific information and instructions that will come from the university, the College of Engineering, and the department. We can’t wait to see you on campus! Visit UIC’s page for newly admitted students UIC has a dedicated page for new undergraduate students. Start here to get all the information you will need as an incoming freshman or transfer student. Go to the admitted students page quote I like UIC a lot. Engineering is about applying your knowledge to create things, and making something to put on the market. It’s not just about talking. You learn to make something that works. Sin-Pui Fu | Class of 2016 Undergraduate Back to main content Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation Courses ME Major IE Major EM Major Minors Internships and Jobs Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources