UIC Business | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo UIC Business Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo UIC Business UIC Business Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Undergrad Admissions Undergraduate Degrees UIC Business Scholars Student Life at UIC Business Business Career Center Professional Development Graduate Expand Graduate menu Graduate Admissions Graduate Degrees Guaranteed and Preferred Admissions Graduate Career Services Doctoral Expand Doctoral menu Doctoral Degrees UIC Doctoral Students Alumni Expand Alumni menu Give to UIC Business Why I Give Donor Recognition Society Student Scholarship Support Ways to Get Involved Alumni Leadership Academy Contact the Office of Advancement Recruiters Expand Recruiters menu Center for Applied Analytics Faculty/Research Expand Faculty/Research menu Faculty Research International Center for Futures and Derivatives (ICFD) Institute for Leadership Excellence and Development (iLEAD) UIC Entrepreneurial Support Program For the Media Faculty Recruitment Eyebrow menu Give Now Visit Our Blog Current Students About Us UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search UIC Logo College Of Business Administration UIC Business You mean business. So do we. At UIC Business, we transform student potential into success. Our school connects students to Chicago’s living classroom. We give them a proven education, real-world skills and professional experiences that add up to exciting career opportunities. Coronavirus Updates and Planning for Students UIC Business students should continue to monitor their UIC email and follow UIC campus and guidance on COVID-19 Policies. The campus website in the link above is the first and main place you should be consulting for information regarding this dynamic situation. As stated in the March 12 note from campus, classes are converting to online formats as quickly as possible, but no later than March 30, with the exception of some science labs and clinical courses. Please stay in communication with your instructors and departments for course specific information. UIC Information: Coronavirus 2020 Pride Points Top 20 % Best Undergraduate Business Programs
— U.S. News & World Report # 3 Online Bachelor in Business Administration Nationwide
— U.S. News & World Report In Their Own Words “I absolutely adored my undergraduate experience at UIC Business and believe it has shaped me positively in many ways, which is why I came back for my graduate work.” Sarah Siderius | '14/MBA '16 Explore UIC Business Undergraduate Programs Explore core competencies of business fundamentals with real-world experience through valuable Chicago businesses connections. Graduate Programs MBA and six specialized master’s degrees combine world-class academic and research credentials with outstanding business leadership experience to yield a high ROI. Doctoral Programs Study with renowned experts at a Research 1 institution. Alumni Volunteer with students, connect with fellow alumni, support your alma mater. Upcoming Events Apr 30 2020 UIC Business Liautaud Graduate School Webinar Thursday, 9:30 am - 10:30 am May 1 2020 Fall 2020 Transfer Application Deadline Friday May 5 2020 CANCELLED: Moraine Valley Community College Table Visit Tuesday, 10:00 am - 1:00 pm May 7 2020 UIC Business Liautaud Graduate School Webinar Thursday, 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm May 12 2020 CANCELLED: Wilbur Wright College Table Visit Tuesday, 10:00 am - 1:00 pm May 19 2020 CANCELLED: Transfer Student Dinner Tuesday, 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm More Blog Spot: UIC Business AMA Visits Facebook Chicago HQ Members of UIC Business American Marketing Association (AMA) share their insights after a visit to the social media giant, Facebook Chicago headquarters. Read More on Our Blog News UIC Business Senior Lecturer Wins 2020 Outstanding Educator Award Posted on April 21, 2020 A Message from Dean Mikhail Posted on April 09, 2020 Which is the Best HSBC Credit Card? Posted on April 01, 2020 Connect with UIC Business Posted on March 18, 2020 More