About the Department | Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation Courses ME Major IE Major EM Major Minors Internships and Jobs Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources Graduate Expand Graduate menu Admissions Courses International Programs Master’s Programs PhD Programs PhD Dissertations Post-Graduation Outcomes Student Profiles Student Resources Research Expand Research menu Research Areas Labs Faculty and Staff Expand Faculty and Staff menu Department Head Core Faculty Affiliate Faculty Emeritus Faculty Staff Open Positions News Expand News menu Department Seminars News About Expand About menu Mechanical Engineering Industrial Engineering Energy Engineering Advisory Board Contact Head's Message Eyebrow menu Giving Alumni College of Engineering Home UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search About the Department View Menu Down arrow icon UIC Mechanical and Industrial Engineering at a Glance 803 Undergraduate enrollment across three majors. 326 Graduate enrollment, including 118 PhD and 208 MS students. 3 Specialized master's programs: a Master of Energy Engineering and two international programs. moar stats 37 Full-time faculty members. 10 Winners of prestigious early-career grants: 7 NSF CAREER award recipients and 3 DoD/NASA grantees. $ 24 M Active grants to sponsor faculty research. moar and moar stats 23 Faculty research labs and centers. 43 Senior Design projects created by MIE teams in the most recent academic year. 7 Student groups focused on mechanical and industrial engineering topics. About Back to main content Mechanical Engineering Industrial Engineering Energy Engineering Advisory Board Contact Head's Message