Wolfson, Ouri Ouri E. Wolfson Professor Department of Computer Science University of Illinois at Chicago Biographical sketch: Ouri Wolfson's main research interests are in 
big data, distributed systems, 
mobile/pervasive computing, smart city, and connectomics. He received his B.A. degree in mathematics, and his 
Ph.D. degree in computer science from Courant Institute of Mathematical 
Sciences, New York University . He is currently 
the Richard and Loan Hill Professor of Computer 
Science at the University of Illinois at 
Chicago , 
and an Affiliate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign . 
He is the 
founder of Mobitrac, a high-tech startup 
that was acquired by Fluensee Co.; and the founder and president of Pirouette Software Inc. which specializes in 
mobile data management.
He served as a consultant to Argonne National Laboratory, US Army 
Research Laboratories, DARPA, and 
NASA. 
Before joining the University of Illinois he has been on the computer 
science faculty at the Technion and Columbia University, and a 
Member of Technical Staff at Bell Laboratories. Ouri Wolfson authored over 230 publications, and holds seven patents. He is a Fellow of the Association of Computing 
Machinery (ACM), a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), and a University of Illinois Scholar for 2009. 
He co-authored seven award winning papers,
and 
served as a Distinguished Lecturer for the 
Association of Computing Machinery .
Wolfson was the keynote and distinguished  
speaker at leading conferences and universities, most recently the Indo-US Workshop on Big Data Analysis for Transportation Engineering Systems, IITMadras, Chennai, India, Dec. 2016
and the International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM). Ouri Wolfson serves on the editorial boards of several journals, and chaired leading conferences. 
He is the program co-chair of the 2020 Mobile Data Management (MDM) conference.
His research has been funded by the 
National Science Foundation (NSF), Air Force Office of Scientific Research (AFOSR), Defense 
Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), NATO, US Army, NASA, the New York State Science and 
Technology Foundation, Hughes Research Laboratories, 
Informix, Accenture, and Hitachi Co. During 2006-2015 he served as the Principal Investigator on a $3.1M NSF grant to establish a Ph.D. program in the new discipline of Computational Transportation Science . Full Curriculum 
Vitae Current Projects Directed and Related Publications: Smart City and Urban Computing Computational Neuroscience Completed Projects and Related Publications: IGERT: Computational Transportation Science
  . Mobile Peer-to-Peer computing (Mobi-Dik)
  . Moving Objects 
  Databases (DOMINO). Active 
  Databases. Adaptive 
  Replication. Semantic Multicast: 
  Intelligently Sharing Collaborative Sessions. List of 
Publications wolfson at 
cs.uic dot edu