Innovation Toolkit | Office of Technology Management | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Office of Technology Management Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Office of Technology Management Office of Technology Management Main Menu UIC Community Expand UIC Community menu Submit Your Idea! Chancellor’s Translational Research Initiative (CTRI) Inventor of the Year Ownership Guidelines How to Disclose What Happens Next? Industry Expand Industry menu Available Technologies Technology Portfolio NDAs MTAs & SRAs DEEP™ Ready-to-sign License Licensing FAQs Innovation Toolkit Expand Innovation Toolkit menu Innovation Handbooks Innovation Ecosystem Awards & Funding Opportunities Education Series About Expand About menu Impact Report FY 2019 Contact Us Staff Student Development News Events General FAQs Eyebrow menu UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search Innovation Toolkit View Menu Down arrow icon Entrepreneur Tools & Information The following resources are provided to educate the public about technology transfer and the resources available to entrepreneurs at the University and in the Chicagoland area. innovation Funding & Awards Find out what resources are available for funding your innovation. Educational Series Learn more about the complex process of tech transfer and intellectual property Our Ecosystem Partners and programs to support innovators with different needs and at different stages in the process. innovation Inventors Handbook An introduction to technology transfer and the disclosure process. Start-up Handbook Step-by-step guide to starting your own business. information General Support for High-Tech Startups Technology Entrepreneur Center (TEC) IllinoisVENTURES Illinois Business Consulting (IBC) Student-run consulting organization General Assistance for Entrepreneurs in Champaign County Small Business Development Center U.S. Small Business Administration STARTING A COMPANY: This is a set of resources provided by the State and Federal government Starting a Business in Illinois Toolkit SBA Small Business Guide Registering a Business in Illinois Licensing Technology from the University of Illinois Startup Company Lawyer Checklist for Starting a Business Business Insurance Angel Investors Issues of Payroll Tech Manager's Corner Student Guidelines General guidelines for determining when intellectual property is owned by a student or  University. Small Business Consulting Resources Check for events that would help build your Small Business About OTM Know more about the Office of Technology Management—UIC's tech transfer office. call to action Edit icon Submit Your Idea! Phone icon Contact Us People Icon Staff Innovation Toolkit Back to main content Innovation Handbooks Innovation Ecosystem Awards & Funding Opportunities Upcoming Awards Chancellor’s Translational Research Initiative (CTRI) Proof of Concept (POC) Chicago Biomedical Consortium (CBC) SBIR and STTR SBIR/STTR Consulting Program Education Series Patents 101 Copyrights 101 Trademarks 101 Start-ups 101 Introduction to SBIR/STTRs