EARTH DAY 2020 | Sustainability | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Sustainability Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Sustainability Sustainability Main Menu Sustainability Planning Expand Sustainability Planning menu Climate Action Implementation Plan CAIP Portal UIC Climate Commitments Chancellor's Committee on Sustainability and Energy Plans and Standards Green Campus Expand Green Campus menu Recycling Biking Energy Grounds Buildings Laboratories Water Green Campus Tour – East Side Student Experience Expand Student Experience menu Sustainability Internship Program Sustainability Fee EcoVolunteer Eyebrow menu Sustainability Events UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search UIC Logo planning, sustainability and project management EARTH DAY 2020 Plastic-Free UIC Wear Red. Take Action! From the food we eat to the packaging our vendors use, UIC makes strides every day toward minimizing the amount of garbage we send to the landfill. Though UIC sends almost half of all our trash to recycling or compost, we still have work to do to reach our Zero Waste goal, especially when it comes to the disposable, single-use plastics that are still widely used and distributed on our campus every day. In honor of the 50th anniversary of Earth Day, we ask that you show your support for a Plastic Free UIC by wearing red on April 22, signing up for our virtual "clean up," and advocating for a plastic free campus both online and out loud! Why Plastic-Free? Did you know... 47 % of UIC's trash is diverted from landfill and is instead sent to recycling or compost annually. 6.5 tons of non-recyclable plastic get thrown out at Student Center East each month on average. 9 % of residential waste is recycled in Chicago (that's one of the worst recycling rates in the country). the plastic problem UIC has pledged to address the challenges and opportunities facing all Great Cities of the 21st century, which includes our generation’s plastic problem. The first Earth Day at UIC On the first Earth Day in 1970, UIC (then called “University of Illinois Circle Campus”) celebrated with a environmental teach-in about the “environmental crisis brought about by pollution” lead by the group Help Stop Pollution UICC. Read an article from WTTW about a first-hand reflection of that day. Earth Day 2020 Letter from the Chancellor, where are we today? about Courtesy of Hannah Bader UIC’s current waste diversion rate is 47%, which means that 47% of the trash collected from campus goes to recycling or compost. And, while our student enrollment rate continues to rise, our total campus waste continues to decline, thanks to national awareness campaigns on recycling and single use products, as well as the hard work of UIC sustainability champions. However, while using recyclable plastic is a step in the right direction, plastic is still an oil-based product that never goes away . In fact, most plastics are only recycled one time before they reach the landfill, due to the quality of the plastic getting lower and lower with each recycle. WEAR RED. This Earth Day, we want the UIC community – wherever you are –  to wear red instead of green in honor of this year’s Earth Day. Besides showing some UIC-colored pride for the Zero Waste accomplishments we’ve made so far, we’re sounding the alarm on the climate crisis. With just under 10 years to make the vital, systemic changes to our culture and our economy outlined by the IPCC, it’s imperative that our vendors, our university leadership, and the city of Chicago understands just how important these issues are to the UIC community. TAKE ACTION. Earth Day wasn’t always simply a day to celebrate the beauty of our planet; in the beginning, Earth Day was designed to be a day of action. Please join your fellow UIC students, faculty, and staff in  our virtual “clean up,” join us in watching The Story of Plastic with a panel discussion , and develop a zero-waste policy for your department, unit, student organization, or residence hall. THANK YOU! On behalf of the Office of Planning, Sustainability and Project Management and all our UIC sustainability partners, happy Earth Day. We hope you’ll join us in advocating for a campus that is sustainable, equitable, and plastic-free. Take Action: Join the Virtual "Clean Up" Document trash outside in your own neighborhood. Now through April 22. Plastic-Free UIC Discussion Listen to our meeting from April 22, and join in the conversation: How should UIC move to become plastic-free? Implement a Zero Waste Departmental Policy The Student Perspective: Climate Change and COVID With this year’s Earth Day coinciding with a global pandemic, Basmah Nadeem, a sophomore at UIC and a student in the Sustainability Internship Program, writes about the relationship between COVID-19 and the climate crisis. Both crises will require massive participation from individuals, communities, governments, and the private sector in order to avert negative consequences. Read Basmah's blog post here other ways to take action #breakFREEfromplastic Get Educated: Shedd Aquarium: "The Problem with Plastics" Plastic isn't just an issue in our oceans. Click to learn how Lake Michigan and the Chicago area is affected too. The Story of Stuff Project: "The Story of Plastic" This documentary uncovers the truth behind the current global plastic pollution crisis. Visit the website to take action PBS NewsHour: "The Plastic Problem" Since WWII, over 9 billion metric tons of plastic waste has been created. Learn more about the problem and its solution. FRONTLINE: The Plastic Wars FRONTLINE and NPR investigate the fight over the future of plastics, and who's responsibility is it?