Student Organizations | Department of Civil and Materials Engineering | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Department of Civil and Materials Engineering Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Department of Civil and Materials Engineering Department of Civil and Materials Engineering Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation Civil Engineering Major Courses Minors Internships and Jobs Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources Graduate Expand Graduate menu Admitted Students Admissions Courses NEW MS in Construction Engineering and Management MS Programs PhD Programs PhD Dissertations Post-Graduation Outcomes Student Profiles Student Resources Research Expand Research menu High-Bay Structures Laboratory Labs Research Areas Student Research Opportunities Seminars Faculty and Staff Expand Faculty and Staff menu Department Head Core Faculty Courtesy and Dual Appointments Emeritus Faculty Faculty Awards Professional Advisory Council Staff Open Positions News Events Eyebrow menu Giving Alumni College of Engineering Home UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Department of Civil and Materials Engineering Undergraduate Student Organizations Student Organizations There are five organizations that are especially interesting to undergraduate students majoring in civil engineering. This page describes these groups and provides links to their sites. As a UIC Engineering student, you also have the opportunity to join student organizations that are housed in the College’s other five departments. You can find them all here . Don’t forget that as a UIC student, you also can propose and create a student organization that you don’t see on this list. student orgs for CME American Society of Civil Engineers In addition to networking, develop your skills in building a steel bridge or concrete canoe. Construction Management Association of America Connect with construction management professionals in Chicago. Engineers Without Borders Use your skill set to improve quality of life in developing countries or in deserving areas at home. Institute of Transportation Engineers Interested in getting people and things from A to B? Join ITE. Structural Engineers Association Make connections in the structural engineering field while learning about topics from masonry to bridge loading. Tau Beta Pi Honor Society Our chapter of an honor society founded in 1885 to recognize excellence in engineering. College-wide student organizations Visit our college-wide student organizations page for information about other UIC College of Engineering student organizations, including interdisciplinary groups such as the National Association of Black Engineers, Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers, Society of Women Engineers, and Veterans in Engineering. See all COE organizations Undergraduate Back to main content Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation Civil Engineering Major Courses Minors Internships and Jobs Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources