DRC Testing | Disability Resource Center | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Disability Resource Center Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Disability Resource Center Disability Resource Center Main Menu Home About Expand About menu Rights and Responsibilities Accommodations DRC Staff Register with DRC Expand Register with DRC menu Information About Evaluation and Assessment Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Faculty Expand Faculty menu DRC Referral Materials DRC Exam Proctoring Form for Instructors Testing Procedures and FAQ UIC Faculty Accessibility Resource Checklist for Digital Instruction Guide to Accommodations Policies and Laws Universal Design Report an Issue Expand Report an Issue menu Accommodations Complaint Process Online Reporting of UIC Accessibility Issues Contact Expand Contact menu Contact DRC Staff Accommodate Portal Eyebrow menu Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search DRC Testing Welcome to DRC Testing! A few reminders: It is the student’s responsibility to request approval from their instructor to take an exam or quiz at the Disability Resource Center (DRC). Approval of the testing date and time must be granted before the student submits a scheduling request. To schedule an exam or quiz, students need to submit a scheduling request through the Accommodate portal, linked on the DRC website, drc.uic.edu. Testing is conducted Monday-Friday from 9:00 am to 7:00 pm, with start times at the top of each hour. Exams and quizzes must be scheduled at least 3 days prior to the requested testing date and final exams must be scheduled at least 5 days prior to the requested testing date. Exam rooms are only visible when requesting within the above guidelines, otherwise the system will show that there are not any rooms available. In these instances, please contact the DRC to check availability. Due to high testing volumes, the DRC cannot guarantee that spots will be available to accommodate last minute requests. Submit a Scheduling Request Guide to Scheduling an Exam at the DRC