College of Liberal Arts and Sciences | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo College of Liberal Arts and Sciences Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo College of Liberal Arts and Sciences College of Liberal Arts and Sciences Main Menu About Expand About menu LAS News LAS Calendar Academic Areas Directories Administration Academics Expand Academics menu Why Liberal Arts & Sciences? Departments & Programs Majors Minors Pre-Professional Programs Secondary Education Graduate Programs Online Pathways Research Expand Research menu Research Strengths Student Research Institutes & Centers Admissions & Aid Expand Admissions & Aid menu Financial Aid & Scholarships Admitted Students First-Year Students Transfer Students Special Programs Graduate Students Advising Expand Advising menu New Student Orientation Your Assigned Advisor Major & Minor Advising Career Development Pre-Health Pre-Law First-at-LAS Scholarships & Honors GPA Calculator Tutoring Intercollege Transfer Policies & Procedures Eyebrow menu Alumni & Friends +Give UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search UIC Logo College of Liberal Arts and Sciences College of Liberal Arts and Sciences Opportunity. Discovery. Success. LAS Coronavirus / COVID-19 Updates As the largest undergraduate college at  UIC, the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences (LAS) offers a diverse community of actively engaged scholars and students across the natural sciences, social sciences, and humanities, as well as interdisciplinary and pre-professional areas of study. Opportunity. Discovery. Success. Here, students have the opportunity to pursue their dreams, expand their career options, and gain the confidence they need to succeed.  Over 40 liberal arts and science majors and minors, competitive internships, study abroad opportunities, and more await you at Chicago's premier public research university...right in the HEART of the city! Links Explore LAS Apply Now! Give to LAS Prospective Students LAS houses 25 departments and serves more than 10,000 students.  We offer a unique learning environment that combines well-respected academic programs and faculty with innovative research opportunities and easy access to Chicago’s rich urban setting. Academics Financial Aid Discover LAS - Create Your Very Own CustomViewbook! Explore all that UIC’s College of Liberal Arts and Sciences has to offer by creating your own personalized digital viewbook!  Simply choose your preferred academic and student life interests and gain instant access to a customized view of the LAS experience! Create Yours Now Join UIC LAS... Apply Today! Current Students LAS offers a supportive learning community that safeguards student achievement through first-year seminars, in-depth careers services, and tutoring and learning centers for language, math, writing, and science.  Each student is also assigned an academic advisor for guidance and assistance from First-Year orientation through graduation. Advising Support Tutoring College of LAS Research Strengths Health Matters: Reframing Modern Health Concerns LAS researchers are redefining and addressing 21st-century health issues. Urban Issues: Championing Social Justice LAS is uniquely positioned in a global city to improve urban challenges through engaged research and community outreach. Educational Research: Understanding How People Learn LAS faculty are at the leading edge of theoretical and applied approaches to teaching and learning. Fundamental Science & Mathematics Research We partner with major Chicago institutions including Fermi National Accelerator and Argonne National Laboratories. Harnessing the Power of “Big Data” LAS is researching data science and the increased need to collect and interpret big data in our world today. LAS News & Events Psychology Professor Linda Skitka Quoted in a New York Times's Column on the Impact of the Coronavirus on President Trump's Bid for Re-Election Posted on April 02, 2020 A St. Louis Public Radio Story Comparing Illinois and Missouri Handling of the Coronavirus Includes Comments from LAS PolSci Faculty Posted on April 02, 2020 25 UIC Faculty Members Authored a Chicago Sun-Times Op-Ed Cautioning Public Officials about Potential Coronavirus Disaster in Prisons Posted on April 02, 2020 Earth and Environmental Scientist Roy Plotnick Examines How Contemporary Humans are Creating Different Fossil Records in the Scientific American Magazine Posted on March 19, 2020 English Faculty Anna Kornbluh Dissects the Transition to E-Learning Due to COVID-19 in the Chronicle of Higher Education Posted on March 19, 2020 More news Jan 13 2020 Spring Semester Begins 1/13/20–5/8/20 More events