Online Teaching Essentials | College of Engineering | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo College of Engineering Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo College of Engineering College of Engineering Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Admitted Student Information Admissions Advising Career Outcomes Diversity Engineering Expo FAQ Majors and Minors Paid Internships Scholarships Student Groups Student Resources Women in Engineering Graduate Departments Research Expand Research menu Interdisciplinary Research Labs and Centers Support UIC Expand Support UIC menu Donate Online How to Give Help Students Empower Faculty Capital Projects About Expand About menu Dean Faculty Administration Staff Alumni Advisory Board Facilities Summer Camp News Contact Eyebrow menu Give Careers Alumni UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs College of Engineering About Faculty Teaching Resources Online Teaching Essentials Online Teaching Essentials From Dean Nelson : “You can teach either synchronously or asynchronously. If you are teaching asynchronously, please make yourself available to students during the regularly scheduled time. If you are delivering your lectures at the regularly scheduled class time, it will also be helpful for the students if they can get the lectures asynchronously (i.e., at other times in the day). Some of our students have returned home to other parts of the world and requiring them to watch a lecture at 3 a.m. is difficult. Also, some students might experience localized technical difficulties, or we may even experience at times some wide-scale interruptions. These sorts of issues can be greatly alleviated if we are offering asynchronous content delivery.” Teaching Online Recommended resources for online teaching and office hours. Blackboard Collaborate Blackboard Collaborate Instructions Get started Sign in at https://uic.blackboard.com using the Sign In button. Then enter your UIC NetID and password. Instructions and Videos What is a Course Room? Video: How to use Blackboard Collaborate Video: Blackboard Collaborate tour for faculty/students Video: How to see what students see (Student Preview) Video: How to create tests/exams How to record your Blackboard sessions How to invite (non-UIC) attendees to your session How to use Piazza with Blackboard Blackboard Collaborate Notes, FAQs, Alternatives Notes Recommended for teaching and office hours; already fully integrated into Blackboard Course sites. Also great for TA office hours. You or your TA will have to moderate discussions if students present or ask questions during a session. Dial-in phone numbers are available for sessions when host or student has trouble with audio/mic or internet connection. iPads : Application sharing is not currently supported on mobile devices (including iPads) or for screen readers in Blackboard Collaborate. If you are using a mobile device or screen reader, you can share files and a blank whiteboard with your attendees. Frequently Asked Questions Should I schedule a Session or use the Course Room? You can do either one, just remember to inform your students/participants where to go. Using the Course Room is just like showing up to class. Simply join the room and you are online; just remember to show up on time! Scheduling a Session has some advantages: for example, you can have a Session even without you. Students can join and start presenting right away, and the session can be automatically recorded. How long does it take for a Blackboard Collaborate recording to publish? It can take up to a few hours for recordings to show up. Alternatives WebEx Zoom Google Hangouts Follow this link for the UIC Blackboard Collaborate page . Exams exams During this unexpected time of remote learning, ACCC recommends that faculty use alternative assessment methods that avoid the need for secure proctored exams. For tips on online testing and assessment alternatives, see this short Remote Assessments and Examinations tutorial . If you must deliver an online exam and need a method to ensure academic integrity, UIC is offering faculty access through May 31, 2020, to two online proctoring tools: Respondus LockDown Browser and Respondus Monitor . Respondus is available only for exams conducted via Blackboard. Access it from the Tools menu in all Blackboard courses. If you choose to use Respondus, please remember that students may be dealing with varied technology access and setups at home. We encourage you to be flexible to accommodate their remote arrangements. Contact LTS@uic.edu with any questions about remote assessments or the Respondus tools. Details on Respondus LockDown Browser and Respondus Monitor ACCC Webinars calendar to locate Respondus training Meet Online Resources for meetings, advising, office hours, and even teaching online. Learn more … WebEx WebEx Instructions Get started Sign in at https://uichicago.webex.com using the Sign In button, and then enter your UIC NetID and password. Share the URL specific to your name (ends with / and your NetID) with your students via email. Start a meeting by pressing the green Start a Meeting button (will install desktop app) or press arrow to select “Use web app,” then press Start a Meeting button. Schedule a meeting with this video . Instructions and Videos Video: How to use WebEx Video: How to use WebEx Personal Rooms Video: How to schedule a meeting Video: How to record WebEx meetings How to lock your room WebEx notes Notes Start a meeting instantly, without scheduling: Just share your WebEx Personal Room URL. Lock your room or use Automatic Lock if you wish to keep your room private until you admit people in. People who join will wait in the Lobby until you admit them. WebEx FAQs Frequently Asked Questions If anyone can join my room, is it private or not? See “What is a Room Lock?” below. What is a Room Lock? Learn more here . Why schedule a meeting? Scheduling a meeting allows you to control who can come in and when, create a topic/agenda, set a password, set recurrence, allow another person to host, and more. Why schedule a meeting and not just start one? Think of it this way: When you start a meeting, it’s like sitting in your office, with the door either open or closed. Door open scenario: Someone can show up and either walk in or wait outside until called. The Room Lock feature explains this in detail. Door closed scenario: Someone can show up and knock; you can let them in or ignore them. If you enabled Automatic Lock , you will see them waiting in the Lobby and can choose if/when to let them in. WebEx Alternatives Alternatives WebEx Teams is a virtual collaboration space for groups. Sign in with your UIC netid and password. Find the UIC WebEx page here . Zoom Zoom Instructions Get started Sign in at https://uic.zoom.us . You can then host or join a meeting. Instructions and Videos How do I get started with Zoom? Video tutorials Video: How to record Zoom meetings How to schedule Zoom meetings inside Blackboard How do I protect my Zoom sessions? Zoom Notes Notes When using the desktop app, always select Sign in with SSO . The company domain should read uic.zoom.us . This way, you can log in with your UIC NetID and password. Find the Zoom use case disclaimer here . Here is the UIC Zoom page . Microsoft Teams Teams Instructions Get started Sign in at http://teams.uic.edu using your UIC NetID and password. Instructions and Videos Detailed instructions Video: How to use Teams (demo) Video: Teams training modules Teams Notes Find the UIC Microsoft Teams page here . Tips and Helpful Links Best Practices practices Good audio : Having good audio is crucial to minimize breaks in your voice. Use a microphone headset or any microphone/headphone combination you already have, including AirPods. Laptops often have the microphone close to the speakers, creating a loop that will cause breaks in sound for the listener. Another pathway to fixing this when you lecture is to lower your speaker volume, be in a quiet room, and stay close to the laptop mic. Dial-in numbers are a great way to bypass computer audio issues. However, with increased demand, some services are reporting issues. Turn off video camera : The only time you should use a camera is to say hi! The rest of the time should be audio and screen share. Mute everyone else when you are lecturing. Listeners’ microphones will pick up background noises and create breaks in your lecture. Share your screen : Don’t forget to share your entire screen instead of individual applications. This makes it easier to swap between windows when you teach with multiple media. Learn more about Netiquette and best practices MATLAB Matlab MATLAB for Students : Virtual application that runs on the Citrix server. Easy on students’ computer resources. MATLAB for Faculty : Powerful version. Downloads and runs on faculty computer. Internet required to connect to license server. MATLAB for Faculty and Students (free through June 30, 2020): All students, faculty, and staff are eligible to download and install these products on their personally owned computers or on university-issued computers. In addition, you will have browser access using MATLAB Online and MATLAB Drive. Learn more at the U of I Webstore . Webinars webinars Find out about Webinars and workshops available with ACCC. Internet Safety safety A few steps to help protect yourself from online threats … Accounts and passwords – Regardless of how authentic an email may seem, if you have any doubt, you can always forward it to the College IT staff or to security@uic.edu to confirm. Examples of potentially suspicious topics include password-change emails, requests for billing information, and warnings that your account is about to be deactivated. If you see anything odd, let us know. 😉 Email spoofing – All too familiar in the past couple of years, spoofing emails “look” like they are coming from people you know, but they are attacks in the hope that you will reply. Unfortunately, there is nothing we can do to prevent such attacks. General information about our faculty and staff—such as your name, email, and potentially your supervisor’s name—is publicly available on UIC websites and can easily be used to write a convincing email. Anyone can go to a legitimate email service (such as gmail, yahoo) and create an address that looks almost like the real person’s email. Often the message you receive will ask you to purchase something (such as gift cards) and email the information or serial numbers to the requestor, who appears to be your department head or supervisor. Here are a few tips to spot a spoof when the email just seems odd: Don’t reply! Check for inconsistencies such as the email address, the signature, and context. Always look at the actual email address—not the displayed name—to confirm who sent the email. You may have to expand the “sent from” field to even see this. This can be difficult with email clients on Smartwatch screens, mobile phones, or even desktops (which may just display the name, not the actual email address—and it’s the email address itself that will tip you off that this isn’t from whom you think). Be careful when drafting a fresh email to the real person. If you replied to the spoofed email, your email software might grab the spoofed address and save it to your address book. Be sure to delete it. Learn more about email spoofing: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Email_spoofing . Additional recommended ACCC links for online safety: ACCC Security Awareness site Can you spot the phish? I signed into a fake UIC website! Email scam attacks Email and phone scams Email spoofing Gift card email scam Passwords Suspicious or threatening emails Additional Knowledge Base ACCC Resources Academic Continuity Resources Faculty-Focused Resources Student-Focused Resources Staff-Focused Resources ACCC Answers Website Recommended/Replacement Teaching Hardware Document Camera Ink Smartpen Headset Mic (USB or Jack) Stylus FAQ and Status LTS and General Support U of I Systems Service Status (e.g., Banner, TEM) ACCC Service Status (e.g., VPN, websites) Blackboard Service Status WebEx Service Status COVID-19: Official UIC resource page About Back to main content Dean Faculty Distinguished Professors Book Dedications Faculty Development Faculty Honors Faculty Meetings Teaching Resources Administration Staff Alumni Advisory Board Facilities Engineering Innovation Building MakerSpace Summer Camp News RISE Contact