Upcoming Events | College of Nursing | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo College of Nursing Search the site Toggle Menu Search College of Nursing College of Nursing Main Menu Programs & Applying Expand Programs & Applying menu Find Your Program Apply Now Cost & Financial Aid Six Campuses Student Life Degree and certificate programs Bachelor of Science in Nursing Master of Science for non-RNs Master of Science for RNs Doctor of Nursing Practice Doctor of Philosophy Certificate Programs Research Expand Research menu Facilities & Resources Centers. Labs & Interest Groups Current Funded Research Practice Expand Practice menu Mile Square Health Center – Humboldt Park Correctional Health Initiatives Faculty Practice & Consulting Nursing Professional Development Alumni Expand Alumni menu Meet Our Alumni Upcoming Events Alumni Board Alumni Mentor Program Alumni Awards REUNION Vital Signs Magazine Give to UIC Nursing Update Your Information Office of Advancement News & Events Expand News & Events menu All News All Events Info Sessions Social Media About Expand About menu Our Story Our Faculty Leadership Executive Team Academic Departments Global Health Diversity & Inclusion Power of Nursing Leadership Job Openings Accreditation Student Resources Faculty & Staff Resources Office of Academic Programs Global Health Leadership Office Office of Research Facilitation Contact Us Eyebrow menu CollegeInsider Make a Gift Directory UIC menu UI Health UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs College of Nursing Alumni Upcoming Events Upcoming Events What's better than getting together? We invite all alumni to join us for several events throughout the year. Upcoming events Apr 30 2020 Dean's Lecture Series Mary Kelly Mullane Symposium - CANCELLED Thursday, 4:00 pm–5:30 pm Oct 10 2020 All-Alumni REUNION 2020 Saturday, 9:00 am–3:00 pm UIC College of Nursing Alumni Back to main content Meet Our Alumni Upcoming Events Alumni Board Alumni Mentor Program Tips & Suggestions Alumni Awards List of Distinguished Alumni List of Outstanding Achievement Awardees REUNION Vital Signs Magazine Give to UIC Nursing Faces of Philanthropy IGNITE Priorities Plan Your Gift The Dean's Circle Current Scholarship Recipients Give Now Update Your Information Office of Advancement Never miss an invite Update your contact info so that our event invitations are sure to reach you. Honor an alum We celebrate alumni awards every year. Nominate yourself or a friend today. Have a question? Reach out! Our team will find the answer to your question.