Give to UIC Nursing | College of Nursing | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo College of Nursing Search the site Toggle Menu Search College of Nursing College of Nursing Main Menu Programs & Applying Expand Programs & Applying menu Find Your Program Apply Now Cost & Financial Aid Six Campuses Student Life Degree and certificate programs Bachelor of Science in Nursing Master of Science for non-RNs Master of Science for RNs Doctor of Nursing Practice Doctor of Philosophy Certificate Programs Research Expand Research menu Facilities & Resources Centers. Labs & Interest Groups Current Funded Research Practice Expand Practice menu Mile Square Health Center – Humboldt Park Correctional Health Initiatives Faculty Practice & Consulting Nursing Professional Development Alumni Expand Alumni menu Meet Our Alumni Upcoming Events Alumni Board Alumni Mentor Program Alumni Awards REUNION Vital Signs Magazine Give to UIC Nursing Update Your Information Office of Advancement News & Events Expand News & Events menu All News All Events Info Sessions Social Media About Expand About menu Our Story Our Faculty Leadership Executive Team Academic Departments Global Health Diversity & Inclusion Power of Nursing Leadership Job Openings Accreditation Student Resources Faculty & Staff Resources Office of Academic Programs Global Health Leadership Office Office of Research Facilitation Contact Us Eyebrow menu CollegeInsider Make a Gift Directory UIC menu UI Health UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs College of Nursing Alumni Give to UIC Nursing Give to UIC Nursing UIC Nursing is engaged in IGNITE: The Campaign for UIC. Generous donors are helping us reach our ambitious goal to raise $33 million through 2022. Nurses are vital to the evolution of healthcare. Every gift matters. At UIC Nursing, our faculty and students are on the front lines of a rapidly changing healthcare landscape. We’re innovators, scientists and forward-thinkers. Our breakthrough discoveries and dedicated practice have changed lives in every corner of the world. Our drive is palpable, but there’s more to be done. The University of Illinois at Chicago is now engaged in IGNITE: The Campaign for UIC . Within that effort, the College of Nursing’s $33 million goal is focused on three priorities: support for student  scholarships, support for faculty, and support for world-class facilities. All three point to our central value: creating an environment where nurses, nurse practitioners and nurse scholars can achieve at the highest level to serve the profession we all love. By giving to our college during IGNITE , donors provide faculty and students with the resources to challenge the status quo and improve the health and wellness of populations in our neighborhoods and around the world. Give Now progress tracker . Learn more about... Faces of Philanthropy Meet donors who have found meaning in investing in UIC Nursing, as well as students and faculty whose success is greatly enhanced by those generous gifts. IGNITE Priorities Your IGNITE gift helps fund everything from student and faculty support to facilities improvements and more. Plan Your Gift Learn about the different types of gifts you can give to the college. Current Scholarship Recipients See the students who benefit thanks to our generous donors. Give Now Choose to support the UIC College of Nursing, and make a gift now using our online form. Contact the Office of Advancement Alumni Back to main content Meet Our Alumni Upcoming Events Alumni Board Alumni Mentor Program Tips & Suggestions Alumni Awards List of Distinguished Alumni List of Outstanding Achievement Awardees REUNION Vital Signs Magazine Give to UIC Nursing Faces of Philanthropy IGNITE Priorities Plan Your Gift The Dean's Circle Current Scholarship Recipients Give Now Update Your Information Office of Advancement