Campus Recreation | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Campus Recreation Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Campus Recreation Campus Recreation Main Menu About Us Expand About Us menu Mission Vision & Values Exercise is Medicine On Campus Sustainability Inclusive Recreation Social Media Contact Us Facilities Expand Facilities menu Student Recreation Facility Sport & Fitness Center Outdoor Field Complex Facility Rentals & Reservations Guest WiFi Policies Programs Expand Programs menu Aquatics Climbing Wall Intramural Sports Outdoor Adventure Sport Clubs Team Challenge Youth Program Fitness&Wellness Expand Fitness&Wellness menu F45 Fitness Classes Fitness Testing Injury Screenings Massage Personal Training Nutrition Virtual Ask a Coach Memberships Expand Memberships menu Membership Types Electronic Fund Transfer (EFT) Guest Information Cancellations Employment Eyebrow menu UIC Connection Student Affairs Injury Screenings UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search UIC Logo Campus Recreation Campus Recreation F45 Life-Changing, Team Training, Together, we can do more Effective Tuesday March 17, all Campus Recreation facilities will be closed indefinitely.  Thank you for your understanding as we seek to protect the health and safety of the campus community in managing this ongoing emergency. Please click the COVID-19 link below for additional information. Virtual Drop-In Fitness Classes What’s Happening Today In Campus Recreation News & Events COVID 19 General Wellness Posted on April 01, 2020 COVID 19 Activity Resources: Online Programming Posted on March 25, 2020 COVID - 19 Program and Facility Updates Posted on March 12, 2020 F45 Coming Soon Posted on January 27, 2020 May 3 2020 Virtual Run/Walk with Rec #RunWithUICRec #TogetherUIC Sunday 3rd, 12:00 am–Saturday 9th, 12:00 pm Campus Recreation Get involved on campus while doing something fun! Campus Recreation provides a variety of recreational programs, services and facilities to exercise your mind, body and spirit. Whether you enjoy sports and competition, discovery of the great outdoors or personal fitness goals Campus Recreation is a place where you can learn, play and discover experientially in every area of life. Our Locations Student Recreation Facility (SRF) Sport & Fitness Center (SFC) FitWell Center Fitness Testing Our Fitness Technicians perform fitness tests and evaluations of athletes and non-athletes. By conducting a series of comprehensive evaluations and measurements, our team can identify your fitness needs and provide you with an individualized exercise prescription. This exercise prescription can be designed to get you started or move you to the next fitness level and beyond. Learn More