Degree Admission | Graduate College | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Graduate College Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Graduate College Graduate College Main Menu Admissions Expand Admissions menu Degree Admissions Application Deadlines Funding & Awards Expand Funding & Awards menu Graduate Funding Overview Fellowships & Awards Other Funding Programs Expand Programs menu Graduate College Courses Graduate Program in Neuroscience Diversity Expand Diversity menu Recruitment Fellows Mentoring & Support DFI Program PIF Program PBRC-PREP Program SROP Undergraduate Program Academics Expand Academics menu Dates & Events Registration Info Thesis Exams & Defense Policies & Procedures TA Enrichment Graduation Info Student Forms Student Resources About Us Expand About Us menu Staff Directory Faculty Listings Newsletters Contact Us Eyebrow menu Faculty & Staff Resources Alumni +Give UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Graduate College Admissions Degree Admission Degree Admission Application Procedure Application Procedure & Deadlines Applicants to graduate study at UIC must use the online application form. Applications and supporting credentials should be submitted as early as possible, but no later than the published deadlines for the program to which you are applying. Applications received after the deadline will not be accepted. Some graduate programs have application deadlines that are earlier than the University deadline, and some admit students only in specific terms (e.g. fall term only). Prospective applicants should contact the program of interest for information on current deadlines, as some programs may close earlier than the published deadlines. Please note the following: You must upload transcripts. Unofficial transcripts will be used to evaluate admission eligibility. If you are admitted, official transcripts will be requested at that time, along with submission instructions. If your program requires letters of recommendation, you will need to provide email addresses for your recommenders. Program-specific requirements (e.g. writing samples, personal statements, resumes, letters of purpose, letters of recommendation, etc.) must be submitted within the application, unless specifically directed to you otherwise by the program to which you are applying. (GRE, TOEFL, IELTS and other test scores must be sent directly from the testing service to UIC. UIC’s Institutional Code is 1851 for the GRE and the TOEFL). Admission recommendations cannot be made until all required documents have been received. Online Application Form Office of Admissions Application Deadlines Graduate Applicants FAQs Programs Outside of Graduate College Programs Outside of Graduate College Applicants to professional and graduate degree programs that are not part of the Graduate College should follow the admission procedures of those units. These include: Liautaud Graduate School of Business (Accounting [MS], Business Administration [PhD], Finance [MS], and Management Information Systems [MS, PhD]) Doctor of Nursing Practice [DNP] Engineering [MEng] Doctor of Occupational Therapy [OTD] Social Work [MSW] School of Public Health [MS, MHA, PhD] Admissions Back to main content Degree Admissions Domestic Admission International Admission Application Deadlines