UIC Certificate Programs and Degree Programs | Extended Campus | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Extended Campus Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Extended Campus Extended Campus Main Menu Courses Programs Expand Programs menu Certificate in Nonprofit Management Grant Writing Workshop Project Management Courses Social Enterprise Certificate Online Pathways Partner With Us Eyebrow menu Contact Us About UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon UIC Certificate Programs and Degree Programs UIC Certificate Programs and Degree Programs UIC offers a variety of certificate programs (both credit and non-credit) and degree programs to help working professionals develop knowledge and skills to advance their careers. UIC's online programs combine the academic excellence of UIC's on-campus programs with the flexibility of any-time access to learning, including: lessons, coursework, and class participation. All of UIC's online programs meet the same requirements for academic quality as our on-campus programs. Course credit from Stackable Certificate Programs can be applied to an affiliated Master's program. Stackable certificate programs can be online, on-campus, or a blend of online and on-campus. Credit Course Sequences are groups of courses in select professional areas that, taken together, can be applied toward an Illinois State Board of Education approval or endorsement, or can be applied toward other professional credentials. Our current certificate programs and degree programs are listed below by field. Is online learning for you? Read about online learning at UIC. Request Info on How to Register Certificates and Degrees Professional Development Applied Health Sciences Business Education Engineering Liberal Arts & Sciences Medicine Nursing Pharmacy Public Health Social Work Urban Planning and Public Affairs Programs Back to main content Certificate in Nonprofit Management Nonprofit Courses Discounts Refund/Withdrawal Policy How to Register Instructors Typical Students FAQs Contact Us Grant Writing Workshop Project Management Courses Social Enterprise Certificate