Office of Community Relations | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Office of Community Relations Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Office of Community Relations Office of Community Relations Main Menu Community Profiles Expand Community Profiles menu Claude A. Robinson Jr., Executive Vice President, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, UCAN Bobby Price, Owner of Principle Barbers Events Contact Us Eyebrow menu Public and Government Affairs UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search UIC Logo Office of Community Relations Office of Community Relations About the Office of Community Relations The Office of Community Relations works to build and maintain relationships between UIC and its neighboring communities. The office works with local civic, corporate and community organizations in addition to supporting internal constituents. We serve as a platform for internal and external stakeholders to exchange ideas, and promote local and regional economic development through raising awareness about opportunities. Community Relations works to engage all partners in helping UIC pursue its mission as a leading urban public research institution and the University of Illinois for Chicago. Great People Doing Great Things Meet Claude A. Robinson Jr., Executive Vice President, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, UCAN Lead practitioner and passionate advocate of UCAN ’s comprehensive Diversity, Equity and Inclusion initiative, Claude A. Robinson Jr. has earned a reputation for shaping and informing DEI through his engagement in national strategic action networks and member associations, both of which value his experience, expertise and enthusiasm. In the community relations arena, Claude is the face of UCAN, which manifests its long-term investment in North Lawndale by hosting and partnering with an impressive list of organizations. Under his leadership, UCAN is committed to making a deep and lasting community impact in North Lawndale. Read more... Recent community organizations visiting UIC Go to slide 1 Go to slide 2 Go to slide 3 Go to slide 4 Go to the next slide Go to the previous slide UIC Flames Men's basketball game Feb. 8, 2020 Go to the next slide Go to the previous slide UIC basketball-Sidney Epstein Center, Nov. 21, 2019 Go to the next slide Go to the previous slide Truman's College students visited UIC for a campus tour. Go to the next slide Go to the previous slide Saint Ignatius College Prep students having a workshop about UIC. News and Upcoming Events of Interest to the UIC Community Michael Lipitz Joins UIC as New Director of Intercollegiate Athletics Posted on October 25, 2019 Mar 11 2020 Early voting at UIC Wednesday 11th, 10:00 am–Friday 13th, 5:00 pm 613 Student Center East Mar 13 2020 7th Annual Young Men of Color Summit Friday, 9:00 am–3:00 pm UIC Student Center East Feb 13 2020 The Right Conversation Thursday, 6:00 pm–8:00 pm Dorin Forum