Undergraduate | Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation CE Major EE Major EP Major Courses Internships and Jobs Minors Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources Graduate Expand Graduate menu Admitted Students Admissions Courses MS Program PhD Program PhD Dissertations Post-Graduation Outcomes Student Profiles Student Resources Research Expand Research menu Research Areas Featured Research Labs Research Experiences for Undergraduates Sponsors Faculty and Staff Expand Faculty and Staff menu Department Head Faculty Emeritus Faculty Adjunct Faculty Professional Organizations Resources Staff Open Positions News Events Eyebrow menu Giving Alumni College of Engineering Home UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search Undergraduate View Menu Down arrow icon What is ECE? Electrical and computer engineers have the opportunity to make an extraordinary impact on the world around us. That is because nearly every aspect of our lives is touched by electrical and computer technology. These fields help to determine how long your phone battery lasts, how the light in your bedroom can be connected to your smart watch, how robots assemble the products you use every day, how autonomous vehicles drive themselves, and more. You get the picture: life as we know it today would not be possible without the knowledge, skills, and innovative thinking of electrical and computer engineers. ECE, as we call it, is one cohesive department at UIC, but it houses three majors—any one of which can be the start of an extremely rewarding career. Consider these options: ECE Majors Computer Engineering Computer engineers devise the systems that make modern computing technology possible. Electrical Engineering Electrical engineering covers a range of areas, from electromagnetics, nanotechnologyto renewable energy. Engineering Physics Engineering physics combines the strengths of a hard science (physics) with the applied approach of engineering. ECE career points to know $111,700 Top range of the median salary for U.S. electrical and computer engineers. 19 % Anticipated growth in computer engineering jobs between 2015 and 2024. Career Paths in ECE According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, professionals in electrical engineering, electronics engineering, and computer hardware engineering—all fields that stem from an ECE education—reported a median annual salary of $93,000 to $111,700. Here in Illinois, according to state data, the number of computer engineering jobs is slated to grow by 19 percent in the decade leading up to 2022, with about 5 percent job growth in electrical and electronics engineering. These are just some of the careers that our department can prepare you for: Aviation electronics engineering Broadcast electronics engineering Communications systems engineering Computer hardware engineering Design engineering Electrical engineering Implementation engineering Nanotechnology Network engineering Process engineering Quality control Radar technology Software engineering Systems engineering and testing User experience (UX) design and development Wireless systems engineering The Engineering Career Center helps UIC undergraduates to chart their course in these and other fields. Learn more about how to get there with a major in computer engineering , electrical engineering , or engineering physics from UIC. Undergraduate Back to main content Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation CE Major EE Major EP Major Courses Internships and Jobs Minors Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources