UIC Industrial Engineering | Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation Courses ME Major IE Major EM Major Minors Internships and Jobs Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources Graduate Expand Graduate menu Admissions Courses International Programs Master’s Programs PhD Programs PhD Dissertations Post-Graduation Outcomes Student Profiles Student Resources Research Expand Research menu Research Areas Labs Faculty and Staff Expand Faculty and Staff menu Department Head Core Faculty Affiliate Faculty Emeritus Faculty Staff Open Positions News Expand News menu Department Seminars News About Expand About menu Mechanical Engineering Industrial Engineering Energy Engineering Advisory Board Contact Head's Message Eyebrow menu Giving Alumni College of Engineering Home UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search UIC Industrial Engineering View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering About the Department UIC Industrial Engineering This field has the breadth—and depth—to take you places. At its core, industrial engineering is about improving processes. Industrial engineers develop an ability to spot inefficiencies and fix them. They know how to optimize. How? They have completed a course of study—like the one we offer here at UIC—that gives them a command of analytics, applications, logistics, and systems. An industrial engineering degree gives you the ability to gather and process data, integrate it all into "the big picture," and come up with solutions that allow people to work better, faster, and smarter. Learn about our IE curriculum People Icon Undergraduate (BS) User icon Master's (MS) Graduate icon Doctoral (PhD) What do industrial engineers do? Industrial engineering acts like a large umbrella, under which you'll find an incredible variety of career paths. Maybe you are interested in systems design. Perhaps you want to improve healthcare. Maybe you're captivated by manufacturing. These are just a few of the things that industrial engineers can do. Common career choices include: Systems engineering Use a process of discovery and exploration to devise the best possible system to meet a need or perform a desired function. Supply chain management Oversee the sourcing of raw materials and their transformation into goods and services that people use everyday. Artificial intelligence Explore ways to apply artificial intelligence to familiar processes so that those processes lead to better, more accurate outcomes. Advanced manufacturing Determine the optimal ways to create products for all sectors—including things used by consumers and things used by industry. Data analytics Harness the power of data to help people make more informed decisions about what to do and how to do it. Healthcare Come up with systems that make it easier for doctors, nurses, and other providers to do their jobs, leading to better care for patients. Industrial engineers are in demand. U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics data show that industrial engineering jobs are projected to grow by 8 percent by 2028—faster than the average for all occupations—as firms across industries seek new ways to contain costs and improve efficiency. Follow the link below to learn more about the positive outlook for employment in industrial engineering. Learn more on the BLS website Pathway tiles Why UIC? Start your industrial engineering education at Chicago's public university for cutting-edge teaching and research. Why Chicago? Chicago is an exciting city that welcomes diverse cultures and is full of career opportunities. Who will be my professors? UIC’s industrial engineering faculty are members of the mechanical and industrial engineering department (MIE). They have wide-ranging expertise, and they are dedicated to excellence in classroom instruction as well as original research. Their small class sizes provide you with individualized attention and allow you to build lasting relationships. Meet them below. Visit our faculty page Hear what students have to say ... Industrial engineering is the best curriculum to prepare engineering students for the business world. The IE foundational skillset in general made me a well-rounded critical thinker, and gives you a set of methodologies that will set you apart from your peers. Hereford Johnson III, BS ’16, MS ’19 | Consultant, Deloitte Testimonial 1 “I really love all the professors in the MIE department. They all seem to take interest in their students and make sure they learn the material instead of memorizing it.” Niha Ahmad | Industrial Engineering Major “UIC is in a great location, it has great opportunities, and the culture around campus is hard to find anywhere else.” Shivank Kejriwal | MS in Industrial Engineering Graduate Read profiles of IE students and alumni UIC industrial engineering news UIC’s IISE chapter receives Gold Award Wednesday, March 18, 2020 UIC students present design projects at Fermilab Friday, February 21, 2020 Scholar, research funding application deadlines approaching Monday, February 3, 2020 See all MIE department news Apply for admission to UIC Edit icon Undergraduate programs in IE Document icon MS and PhD programs in IE About Back to main content Mechanical Engineering Industrial Engineering Energy Engineering Advisory Board Contact Head's Message