Licensing FAQs | Office of Technology Management | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Office of Technology Management Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Office of Technology Management Office of Technology Management Main Menu UIC Community Expand UIC Community menu Submit Your Idea! Chancellor’s Translational Research Initiative (CTRI) Inventor of the Year Ownership Guidelines How to Disclose What Happens Next? Industry Expand Industry menu Available Technologies Technology Portfolio NDAs MTAs & SRAs DEEP™ Ready-to-sign License Licensing FAQs Innovation Toolkit Expand Innovation Toolkit menu Innovation Handbooks Innovation Ecosystem Awards & Funding Opportunities Education Series About Expand About menu Impact Report FY 2019 Contact Us Staff Student Development News Events General FAQs Eyebrow menu UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Office of Technology Management Industry Licensing FAQs Licensing FAQs Licensing Frequently Asked Questions Q: I want to license a UIC technology.  What is my first step? Contact the technology manager responsible for the field that interests you.  Our technology managers are experts with many years of experience in their affiliated fields, and will work with you to identify technologies that fit your business needs.   A non-disclosure agreement will be required for in-depth discussions of confidential information related to our technologies. Q: Does UIC OTM have a template NDA available? Yes.
UIC OTM utilizes a template NDA that has been approved for use by our University Counsel. Q: Do you allow licensees to test the technology before entering a license agreement? Yes.
We allow our potential licensees to enter into ‘Option Agreements’ which allow the licensee to utilize our IP for a short period of time in order to ascertain whether the technology is a good fit for their business.  After expiration of the Option agreement, our team will work with licensees to negotiate a license agreement that is beneficial for all parties involved. Q: What types of technologies are available for license? We have a variety of high-quality technologies available including medical devices, course curriculums and content, software, therapeutics, diagnostics, research tools and much more. Q: Do you handle MTAs (Material Transfer Agreements)? The Office of the Vice Chancellor for Research handles our Material Transfer Agreements. Visit Our MTAs & SRAs Page Call To Action Edit icon Submit Your Idea! Phone icon Contact Us Industry Back to main content Available Technologies Technology Portfolio NDAs MTAs & SRAs DEEP™ Ready-to-sign License Licensing FAQs