Physical Therapy Faculty Practice Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , Google Translate , the site search form or go to the the site home page . UIC Logo College of Applied Health Sciences Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo College of Applied Health Sciences College of Applied Health Sciences Google Translate Main Menu Applying Expand Applying menu Degrees and Deadlines Beyond the Classroom Tuition and Aid Newly Admitted Students Academics Expand Academics menu Departments and Programs Biomedical and Health Information Sciences Disability and Human Development Kinesiology and Nutrition Occupational Therapy Physical Therapy Rehabilitation Sciences Departments and Programs Research Expand Research menu Research Labs and Centers Metabolic Kitchen Community Services Expand Community Services menu Assistive Technology Unit Developmental Disabilities Family Clinic Occupational Therapy Faculty Practice Physical Therapy Faculty Practice Alumni Expand Alumni menu Give to AHS Expand Give to AHS menu Give to AHS Where to Give AHS Alumni Awards Expand AHS Alumni Awards menu Alumni Award Recipients Meet Our Alumni Corporate Partners Program News Events Contact About AHS Expand About AHS menu College News College Calendar Committees Contact Eyebrow menu Inside AHS AHS Directory Give to AHS UIC menu UIC.edu UI Health Campus Map Search the site COVID-19 resources COVID-19 guidance and resources for people with disabilities, their families, service providers and the workforce that supports them. UIC Logo College of Applied Health Sciences Physical Therapy Faculty Practice View Menu Down arrow icon Offering expert consultations, evaluations and interventions At UIC’s Physical Therapy Faculty Practice, we’re committed to providing a truly exceptional experience for all patients who entrust us with their care. We know that all of our patients are unique, so we tailor our services to your individual goals. Our team is made up of multi-specialty, highly-skilled Physical Therapists, Clinical Exercise Physiologists and Dietitians who work to create an individualized treatment plan just for you. We’re embedded in the Chicago community, providing high-quality physical therapy, dietary and cardiac services in a convenient location, and we make coming to see us as easy as possible. We look forward to working with you to improve your health! They really care about helping you get back into shape and in control of your life A PT Faculty Practice client What we can do for you If aches and pains are preventing you from doing what’s important to you, we’re here to address the problem and make sure you know how to avoid it in the future. If you want to get back to your team—on the field, in the office, or at home—we’ll help you reach your goal. Physical Therapy Restore and maintain optimal physical function Cardiac Rehabilitation Improve your physical fitness and health through exercise training and lifestyle change Cardiopulmonary Exercise Stress Testing Measure how well your body responds to exercise and assess your fitness The staff was great and my therapist provided excellent care. I can't say enough good things about the services I received! A PT Faculty Practice client Research and education As part of UIC’s College of Applied Health Sciences, we partner with other innovative research centers and renowned leaders in the field. This helps us bring you services that are based on the very latest in research and best practices. We are also active in training the next generation of physical therapists, working with the UIC Department of Physical Therapy to provide a residency program in orthopedic physical therapy . Our team Aaron Keil Director Meet Aaron Brian Baranyi Physical Therapist Meet Brian Deborah Davey Physical Therapist Meet Deborah Shayna Oshita Registered Dietitian and Certified Diabetes Educator Meet Shayna Cemal Ozemek Director, Cardiac Rehabilitation Program Meet Cemal Hannah C. Ozemek Clinical Exercise Physiologist Director, Cardiopulmonary Exercise Stress Testing Meet Hannah Manshi Patel Clinical Exercise Physiologist Meet Manshi Justin Payette Physical Therapist Meet Justin Adam Wielechowski Physical Therapist Meet Adam Come see us 1640 W. Roosevelt Rd. DHSP 338 Chicago, IL 60608 Phone: (312) 413-8043 Fax: (312) 413-8333 Hours Monday – Thursday : 7 a.m. – 6 p.m. Friday : 7 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. Saturday and Sunday: Closed Physical Therapy Faculty Practice Back to main content Physical Therapy Cardiac Rehabilitation Cardiopulmonary Exercise Stress Testing Orthopedic Physical Therapy Residency Program Sports Physical Therapy Residency Program Directory Contact Follow Physical Therapy Faculty Practice Twitter YouTube