Undergraduate programs | Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation Courses ME Major IE Major EM Major Minors Internships and Jobs Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources Graduate Expand Graduate menu Admissions Courses International Programs Master’s Programs PhD Programs PhD Dissertations Post-Graduation Outcomes Student Profiles Student Resources Research Expand Research menu Research Areas Labs Faculty and Staff Expand Faculty and Staff menu Department Head Core Faculty Affiliate Faculty Emeritus Faculty Staff Open Positions News Expand News menu Department Seminars News About Expand About menu Mechanical Engineering Industrial Engineering Energy Engineering Advisory Board Contact Head's Message Eyebrow menu Giving Alumni College of Engineering Home UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search Undergraduate programs View Menu Down arrow icon intro text At UIC’s Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering, the sky isn’t even the limit. Our alumni are working on NASA projects that will send research probes to Jupiter’s moons. Our students and faculty are creating and perfecting machinery at the tiniest scale, working with nanomaterials and nanosystems. We are on the frontiers of sustainability. We have world-class experts in fluids and combustion. We are exploring, simulating, and implementing improvements that can be made possible with excellent design. You can be, too. We invite you to get to know our undergraduate programs, which welcome between 150 and 200 new students each year. Explore our majors Mechanical Engineering Design, prototype, test, and create machinery that improves the way we work and live. Industrial Engineering Master processes and systems so that you can improve production and workflow. Engineering Management Explore the intersection of engineering and business. quote UIC prepared me in various ways for work. Each class equipped me with the knowledge to understand an array of problems and to be able to approach them with a step-by-step mentality, considering both pros and cons. I am very grateful for the student organizations as they trained, equipped, and motivated me along the way by giving me hope and vision for who I could become. Aracely Lara, BS ’15 | Engineer, Underwriters Laboratories Take the next step: Visit our undergraduate admissions page Meet our current students See our student organizations Undergraduate Back to main content Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation Courses ME Major IE Major EM Major Minors Internships and Jobs Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources