News | Psychology | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Psychology Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Psychology Psychology Main Menu People Expand People menu Faculty By Program Administration Graduate Students Research Associate Staff Academics Expand Academics menu Graduate Studies Undergraduate Studies Courses Expand Courses menu Academic Catalog Syllabi Archived Syllabi Research Expand Research menu Behavioral Neuroscience Clinical Cognitive Community and Prevention Research Social and Personality DIVERSITY Expand DIVERSITY menu Mission Statement Diversity Advancement Committee Programs and Initiatives Faculty Research Resources CLINIC DEPARTMENT Expand DEPARTMENT menu Contact Us News Calendar Human Subjects Statistics and Methods Clinic Support Intranet Online Teaching Resources Eyebrow menu las.uic.edu +Give UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Psychology Department News News Congratulations to Mitch Roitman on his NIH Grant! Posted on April 09, 2020 Congratulations to Mitch Roitman who was just awarded a NIH R21 grant entitled “Phasic dopamine in negative reinforcement driven by internal state”.   The project will investigate if the satisfaction of physiological need drives… Congratulations to Amanda Roy for Spencer Foundation Grant! Posted on April 06, 2020 A big congratulations to Amanda Roy who just awarded a three-year Spencer Foundation grant entitled, “Persistence and resistance: The role of social-emotional competencies in the education and career paths of under-resourced, racial/ethnic minority… Congratulations to CPR student, Carlos Rosas, on T32 Fellowship!!! Posted on October 25, 2019 Congratulations to CPR Graduate Student, Carlos Rosas, on being awarded a T32 Fellowship under Dr. Lisa Sanches-Johnsen at the UIC Institute for Minority Health Research. As part of his fellowship. Carlos will receive… Erin Berenz Receives CCTS Grant Posted on October 22, 2019 A big congratulations goes out to Erin Berenz who received a pilot grant entitled, “Advancing Translational Science in Community Residential Addiction Treatment” from the Center for Clinical and Translational Science. The project will… Aimee Karstens was selected to receive the American Psychological Foundation’s 2019 Benton-Meier Neuropsychology Scholarship! Posted on October 02, 2019 Congratulations to Aimee Karstens, who was selected to receive the American Psychological Foundation’s 2019 Benton-Meier Neuropsychology Scholarship! The scholarship is awarded by APF to only 2 graduate students in the field of neuropsychology! Elizabeth Wenzel won the Poster Award in Basic Science in the National Network on Depression Centers Annual Meeting!! Posted on September 30, 2019 Elizabeth Wenzel, a graduate student under the mentorship of Dr. Pauline Maki won the Poster Award in Basic Science in the National Network on Depression Centers (NNDC) Annual Meeting for her poster, “Screening… Kate Zinsser will be awarded a Department of Education grant entitled, “Community Partners: Chicago Public Schools (CPS), City of Chicago Mayor’s Office of Early Learning; Illinois Governor’s Office of Early Childhood Development (GOECD) Posted on September 27, 2019 As a co-Principal Investigator on the 5 year, $3.5 million dollar grant, Kate and her team will be conducting the research and evaluation component of the partnership, testing not only global impacts of… Congratulations to the Cross Program Conference Winners!! Posted on March 21, 2019 Photos from the Cross Program Conference at:  https://photos.app.goo.gl/cv5dynBQGgGbQKFW9 Data Blitz: Alyssa Blair, COG Graduate Student   Undergraduate Poster: Sydney Rheinhart   Graduate Student Poster: Alli Mueller, COG Graduate Student Kajal Sachdev wins award at the American Psychology-Law Society Meeting Posted on March 21, 2019 Kajal Sachdev (BA in Psychology Alumni) won the first place undergraduate poster prize at the American Psychology-Law Society meeting.   This project also won the Hirschberg Award last May.  Kajal is now on a Fulbright, getting her… Adolescent cannabis use alters development of planning, self-control brain areas Posted on November 20, 2018 Adolescent marijuana use may alter how neurons function in brain areas engaged in decision-making, planning and self-control, according to researchers at the University of Illinois at Chicago. The findings, which were presented at… 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Next DEPARTMENT Back to main content Contact Us News Calendar Human Subjects Subject Pool Statistics and Methods Clinic Support Forms Business Operations Services FAQ Information Technology Services Room Facility New User Orientation Intranet Online Teaching Resources