Cost of Attendance (COA) | Student Financial Aid and Scholarships | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Main Menu Cost Expand Cost menu Cost of Attendance (COA) Estimating EFC Financial Need Paying Your Bill Financial Aid Steps Expand Financial Aid Steps menu Illinois RISE Act Eligibility Apply Verification Financial Aid Notification Payment Summer Financial Aid SAP Policy & Appeal Special Circumstances Rights & Responsibilities Withdrawing vs. Reducing Hours FERPA Calendar Types of Aid Expand Types of Aid menu Grants Scholarships Waivers & Assistantships Loans Student Employment Study Abroad Veterans Pre-paid Tuition Forms Expand Forms menu 2019-2020 Forms 2020-2021 Forms FAQ Expand FAQ menu Glossary of Terms Contact Us Consumer Information Expand Consumer Information menu Academic Programs Department of Education Complaint Process Financial Aid Information Semester Withdrawals General Institutional Information Health, Safety and Security Intercollegiate Athletic Program Participation Rates and Financial Support Data Student Outcomes Voter Registration Notice of Availability of Institutional and Financial Aid Information Contact Information for Assistance in Obtaining Institutional or Financial Aid Information Eyebrow menu Scholarships UIC Connection Student Affairs UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search Cost of Attendance (COA) View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Student Financial Aid and Scholarships Cost Cost of Attendance (COA) Cost of Attendance (COA) Financial aid notifications list anticipated expenses which reflect the Cost of Attendance (COA) students may encounter during the academic year. The total COA is an estimate, not a bill, and actual costs may vary. Examples of Cost of Attendance can be viewed below. Direct vs Indirect Costs Direct Costs are paid to the university bill and include tuition and differential, fees, and room and board for students living on campus. Indirect Costs are anticipated expenses students may incur. These costs include books and supplies, travel, and miscellaneous personal expenses. Room and board are indirect costs for students living off campus. COA for Dependent Student Undergraduate Dependent Student Living with Parent - Estimated Dependent Living with Parent - direct COSTS CHARGED BY THE UNIVERSITY AMOUNT Tuition - In State $10,584 Mandatory Fees $4,286 Tuition Differential (if applicable) See Registrar's Website Tuition Diff To view Tuition Differential amounts click here and you will be redirected to the Registrar’s website. Dependent living with parent - indirect ESTIMATED VARIABLE EXPENSES AMOUNT Books and Supplies $1,400 Transportation $1,452 Stafford Loan Fees (if borrowed) $68 Personal Expenses $3,676 Undergraduate Dependent/Independent Student Not Living with Parent - Estimated Dependent/Ind not living with parent - direct COSTS CHARGED BY THE UNIVERSITY AMOUNT Tuition - In State $10,584 Mandatory Fees $4,286 Tuition Differential (if applicable) See Registrar's Website Tuition Diff To view Tuition Differential amounts click here and you will be redirected to the Registrar’s website. Dependent/Ind student not living with parent - indirect ESTIMATED VARIABLE EXPENSES AMOUNT Books and Supplies $1,400 Housing and Food Expenses* $10,882 Transportation $1,452 Stafford Loan Fees (if borrowed) $68 Personal Expenses $2,176 residence hall *Students in residence halls should refer to their housing contract for the amount that will be billed for room and board (meal plan). Review of COA Students should contact Student Financial Aid and Scholarships to request a review of their cost of attendance if actual expenses are significantly different from the costs listed on their financial aid notification. Child care, computer, study abroad and disability related expenses can be taken into consideration with the submission of the proper paperwork. Cost Back to main content Cost of Attendance (COA) Estimating EFC Financial Need Paying Your Bill