College of Pharmacy | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo College of Pharmacy Search the site Toggle Menu Search College of Pharmacy College of Pharmacy Main Menu Programs Expand Programs menu PharmD Graduate Programs Residency & Fellowship Continuing Education Departments and Centers Expand Departments and Centers menu Departments Research Centers and Groups Faculty Expertise Alumni and Giving Expand Alumni and Giving menu Campaign – Impact Report Volunteer Opportunities Stay Connected Alumni and Advancement Staff About Expand About menu Media Center Events By The Numbers Our History Chicago Campus Rockford Campus Strategic Plan Diversity and Inclusion Eyebrow menu Apply Current Student Site Make a Gift Directory UIC menu UI Health UIC.edu Campus Map Search UIC Logo College of Pharmacy Chicago Rockford College of Pharmacy One College. Two Campuses. Unlimited Opportunities. Check icon Apply Graduate icon Continuing Education Calendar icon Events Make a Gift People Icon COVID19 Updates Programs PharmD Program Earn a PharmD Degree Graduate Programs Earn a Graduate Degree Residency & Fellowship Programs Apply for a Residency #1 Pharmacy School in Illinois, #7 In The Nation The UIC College of Pharmacy is the #1 college of pharmacy in the state of Illinois and the #7 college in the country overall based on US News and World Report’s most recent rankings. But our excellence goes beyond rankings. You see it every day in the world-class faculty, brilliant researchers and amazing students. It’s the spark inside everyone at the UIC College of Pharmacy that drives us to change the face of healthcare. One College, Two Campuses, Unlimited Opportunities. The UIC College of Pharmacy is made up of two campuses, Chicago and Rockford . They are separated by 90 miles, but connected by the latest distance learning technology and the desire to produce the next generation of pharmacy leaders. Students on both campuses… receive the same education have active student organizations perform amazing public service for their communities have research and residency opportunities receive the same degree upon completion That is how we’ve been taking students from classroom to career since 1859! News All the way to Malta Tuesday, April 28, 2020 Over the last decade, UIC has helped the University of Malta, the premier university in the European nation, launch its Doctor of Pharmacy program, initiated training programs for both faculty and students, and more! Award-Winning Capstone Course Turns Classroom into "Labs of Innovation" Monday, April 20, 2020 In establishing a capstone, the course designers wanted students to bring together knowledge from multiple previous courses and practice clinical pharmacy in complex cases. UIC COP – In the Midst of Crisis, You Excel Tuesday, April 14, 2020 Dear Alumni, Friends, Faculty, Staff, and Students, While COVID-19 is disrupting life around the globe, the UIC College of Pharmacy family has banded together to address the challenges we face in ways that… More News in the Media Center Events May 11 2020 CANCELLED: Class of 1970 Golden Graduate Celebration Monday Credit Union 1 Arena May 13 2020 Virtual Pharmacy Information Session Wednesday, 1:30 pm–3:00 pm May 16 2020 CANCELLED: ISPOR 2020 Annual Meeting Saturday 16th, 8:00 am–Wednesday 20th, 3:30 pm Disney's Coronado Springs Resort Jun 18 2020 Virtual Pharmacy Information Session Thursday Jul 14 2020 Virtual Pharmacy Information Session Tuesday, 3:00 pm–4:30 pm Aug 12 2020 Virtual Pharmacy Information Session Wednesday, 1:30 pm–3:00 pm More Events on the Events Page By The Numbers There are a million reasons to choose UIC College of Pharmacy: a great education, world-class faculty, cutting-edge research. The list goes on and on. If you’re considering UIC College of Pharmacy as the way to jump-start your future you can begin with our “By The Numbers” page. It will walk you through an assortment of facts and figures that all add up to one thing: an amazing education at a top tier institution! By The Numbers About the UIC College of Pharmacy The UIC College of Pharmacy is helping to shape the future of the pharmacy profession and you can be a part of it! Chicago Campus The Chicago campus is located in the heart of the Illinois Medical District , 560 acres of hospitals, research centers, and biotech firms. It is connected to our Rockford campus through state of the art distance learning technology . The average class size is around 150, ensuring a diversity of opinion and lively discussion. Learn More About the Chicago Campus Schedule a Visit Rockford Campus The Rockford campus is located in a strikingly modern building where students work side by side with Nursing and Medical students. It is connected to our Chicago campus through state of the art distance learning technology . The average class size is around 50 people, ensuring you can get to know faculty and your fellow students. Learn More About the Rockford Campus Schedule a Visit