UIC Business Home // UIC Business Featured Posts 04.28.20 by Kamalika Mitra Celebrating Student Success & Awards | Bruna Tavares This year 25 UIC Business students were recognized with the
Chancellor’s Student Service and Leadership Award for the
outstanding contribution they have made to the university... read more 04.21.20 by Liautaud Stories Guaranteed and Preferred Graduate Admissions During these challenging and unique times, the need for advanced
education in business is more important than ever. Having an
advanced degree can provide you with higher income... read more 04.14.20 by Alumni Posts Six Questions for Manny Favela UIC Business caught up with alumnus Manny Favela BS ’88 and asked
him six questions about his career experience in the restaurant
industry. 1) What inspired you to become an... read more 04.07.20 by Student Posts UIC Business AMA Visits Facebook Chicago HQ Our organization, the American Marketing Association - UIC Chapter,
organizes site visits every semester for our members. We believe
site visits are great opportunities for... read more Read Older Posts 03.14.18 // The Lasting Impact of a UIC Business Education As the first in his family to receive a college education, Don
Hermanek (BS Marketing ’70) chose to attend The University of
Illinois at Chicago for his undergraduate... read more posts > 04.14.20 // Six Questions for Manny Favela UIC Business caught up with alumnus Manny Favela BS ’88 and asked
him six questions about his career experience in the restaurant
industry. 1) What inspired you to become... read more posts > 08.27.18 // Sarah Siderius Gets the Job Done at Google Ranked third on the Forbes: Best American Employers list, Google is
one of the most recognized companies on the planet. While most know
the company as a high-powered... read more posts > 04.07.20 // UIC Business AMA Visits Facebook Chicago HQ Our organization, the American Marketing Association - UIC Chapter,
organizes site visits every semester for our members. We believe
site visits are great opportunities... read more posts > 02.28.19 // Making Black History at UIC: Dr. Benet DeBerry-Spence As Black History Month comes to a close, UIC Business would
like to highlight one of our own Black History makers, Dr. Benet
DeBerry-Spence, Professor and Department... read more posts > 04.29.19 // Commencement Countdown with Anurag Vuthunuri Anurag Vuthunuri is an undergraduate student majoring in Finance
and minoring in Business Analytics. Anurag has been the President
of the Finance and Investment Group for... read more posts > Events Twitter Facebook Instagram Copyright © 2020 Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois