Recent Natural Disasters | Counseling Center | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Counseling Center Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Counseling Center Counseling Center Main Menu About Us Expand About Us menu Mission and Values Scope of Practice Meet Our Staff Hours & Location Services Expand Services menu What to Expect Individual Counseling Group Therapy Couples Counseling Mind Body Services Psychiatry and Integrative Medicine Outreach Services and Programs Peer Support Network Crisis Expand Crisis menu Crisis Services Suicide Prevention and Education at UIC Online Resources Expand Online Resources menu COVID-19 Newsletters Mental Health Resources Coping with Recent Events Campus Resources Suicide Prevention and Education at UIC Concerned Others Expand Concerned Others menu For Parents, Faculty, Staff, and Concerned Others How to Help Someone in Distress Training Expand Training menu APA Accredited Doctoral Internship Program in Health Service Psychology Advanced Psychotherapy Externship Post-Doctoral Fellowship United Support Network Paraprofessional Program Eyebrow menu U&I Care Student Affairs UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search Recent Natural Disasters Posted on September 25, 2017 The Counseling Center is available to offer emotional support to UIC students whose families and friends may have been directly impacted by this late summer’s catastrophic natural disasters in the U.S. and elsewhere. In addition to calling or stopping by the Counseling Center to make an appointment or using our InTouch Hotline, we also offer the following relevant resources for emotional support and resilience building: The American Psychological Association Help Center offers sound advice for those coping either from afar or more directly with this late summer’s hurricanes, floods, wildfires, and earthquakes: http://www.apa.org/helpcenter/disaster-articles.aspx Among those materials is this relevant excerpt: “While millions face the direct impact of the storms and flames, countless others face emotional responses as they look on with both worry and sympathy. Dealing with hurricanes from afar produces traumatic distress even for those not directly affected. Maintaining a sense of perspective, acknowledging your feelings and looking for ways to help in the recovery effort can be effective tools for coping. The same advice holds for distress caused by distant earthquakes; read the article for information on how psychologists can help. Of course, waters will eventually recede, and fires will eventually die out. But it’s important to deal with the emotional aftermath. Recovering emotionally from disaster involves providing time to adjust, seeking support from loved ones and sharing your experiences.” Modified on January 08, 2019