Office of the Vice Provost for Diversity | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , Google Translate , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Office of the Vice Provost for Diversity Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Office of the Vice Provost for Diversity Office of the Vice Provost for Diversity Google Translate Main Menu About Expand About menu Diversity Strategic Plan Awards Leadership Staff Contact Us Engagement Expand Engagement menu Centers for Cultural Understanding and Social Change Diversity Education Committees Dialogue Initiative Multicultural Scholars Learning Community Student Inclusion STRategies for Inclusion, Diversity and Equity Youth Leadership Development Forum Singing from Balconies: COVID-19 Quarantine Testimonials News Expand News menu Join Our Mailing List Events Data Expand Data menu Research The Equity Dashboard Project Diversity at a Glance Resource Portal Expand Resource Portal menu External Resources Undocumented Student Support Donate Eyebrow menu Office of the Chancellor Office of the Provost UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search UIC Logo Office of the Vice Provost for Diversity Office of the Vice Provost for Diversity Where diversity is a cornerstone of intellectual achievement Yellow Peril & COVID-19 Teach-In Join students for an interactive teach-in contextualizing the rise in anti-Asian violence amid COVID-19 within the long history of anti-Asian racism. Learn how the Asian American student movement emerged from transnational, multiracial struggles that continues today through UIC Asian and Asian American student activism. A discussion centering student voices and experiences will follow. RSVP at jsong58@uic.edu to receive the event link Panalist: Anna Guevarra, Founding Director and Associate Professor of Global Asian Studies. Michael Jin, Assistant Professor of Global Asian Studies and History Gayatri Reddy, CCSAA Co-Chari and Associate Professor of Gender and Women’s Studies and Anthropology Karen Su, Project Director of UIC AANAPISI Intiative and Clinical Assistant Professor of Global Asian Studies Event information Let your voice be heard - Quarantine Testimonials In Response to COVID-19 The Office of Diversity is in solidarity with all our campus community, and people in every community and country experiencing this global health crisis. Despite the recent developments concerning COVID-19, the Office of Diversity is committed to continue serving the UIC campus and Chicago community while protecting our guests and employees from potentially compromising physical contact. As of Monday, March 16 th and until further notice, our office and the Centers for Cultural Understanding and Social Change will be physically closed, but functioning remotely. During this time, we encourage you to use the information below to reach representatives from our offices during normal business hours of 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Click here to see the Office of Diversity’s full Staff Directory Stay safe. Stay healthy. The Office of Diversity Contacts African American Cultural Center uicaacc@uic.edu -- OR --
312-996-9549 Arab American Cultural Center arabamcc@uic.edu -- OR -- 312-355-2284 Asian American Resource and Cultural Center AARCC@uic.edu -- OR -- 312-413-9569 Disability Cultural Center dcc@uic.edu -- OR -- 312-355-7050 Early Outreach Program 312-996-2549 Gender and Sexuality Center lgbtqa@uic.edu -- OR -- 312-413-3036 Latino Cultural Center lcc@uic.edu Women’s Leadership and Resource Center wlrc@uic.edu Campus Advocacy Network can-appointment@uic.edu -- OR --
kmaginot@uic.edu -- OR -- 312-413-8206 Join/Follow Envelope icon Join Our Mailing List Phone icon Like Us On Facebook Document icon Read What's On Our Bookshelf User icon Photos Please read our Diversity Strategic Plan Centers for Cultural Understanding and Social Change UIC is one of the most diverse campuses in the United States and a great place to study, learn, work, and prepare for the global interdependence of people and markets. The seven Centers for Cultural Understanding and Social Change are a collaborative group that aims to make UIC a welcoming and inclusive place for all students, faculty and staff. The Centers are committed to student success, intercultural engagement, vibrant scholarship, and dynamic community partnerships. Learn more Mission The diversity of our campus community is apparent—UIC is a higher education institution where diversity is a cornerstone of intellectual achievement. We engage people from all communities of Chicago and many other communities in the state which we serve. A Mosaic for UIC Transformation | Mission Statement Diversity Education Representational diversity is a resource that must be intelligently and intentionally drawn on to be appreciated and ultimately produce positive outcomes. Representational diversity is the first step in a spectrum of intentional efforts designed to maximize the benefits of diversity by incorporating it in our living, teaching, learning, research, and public service. We expect students to learn more about diversity, and faculty and staff have opportunities, methods, and resources for developing diversity competencies. New vehicles for communicating about diversity are offered as are resources for encouraging collaboration among researchers and practitioners of diversity. Inclusive Classroom Words Matter! Dialogue Initiative Data and Research Many are attracted to UIC by its diversity, but simple exposure to difference cannot transform our campus into a thriving community that values difference. We must begin by knowing our campus climate as it truly is. UIC assesses the climate experienced by its staff, students, and faculty by means of a periodically reiterated survey, identifies shortcomings, and designs solutions. 

In addition to campus wide surveys, taskforces, charged by the leadership, collect information on specific identified issues and publish their findings advising action. Taskforce Findings and Publications Data Points Resource Portal Our commitment to diversity extends beyond policies and statements and is guided by the following core values: Knowledge, Openness, Access, Excellence, Collaboration, and Caring. These values, foundational to our institutional culture, work together to ensure a campus climate where all our community members feel welcomed and valued. The Diversity Resource Portal provides a snapshot of the various campus programs and services Internal Resources External Resources Undocumented Student Resource Diversity News and Events Home Bittersweet Home Posted on April 27, 2020 Culture Clash Posted on April 23, 2020 Ear to the Ground Posted on April 20, 2020 Balcony Blues Posted on April 19, 2020 Few and Far Between Posted on April 17, 2020 More Articles Apr 15 2020 DCC - Hey Grads: We Want to Celebrate You! 4/15/20, 9:00 am–5/6/20, 5:00 pm Apr 27 2020 DCC - Check-In Hours 4/27/20, 9:00 am–5/1/20, 5:00 pm Remote via Zoom Apr 27 2020 ArabAmCC - #RootedinResilience: A Photo Campaign 4/27/20, 9:00 am–5/1/20, 5:00 pm Virtually Apr 27 2020 DCC - #LowOnSpoons Week 4/27/20, 9:00 am–5/1/20, 5:00 pm Apr 30 2020 AACC - Throwback Thursdays Thursday, 9:00 am–5:00 pm Virtually More Events