Research | Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation Courses ME Major IE Major EM Major Minors Internships and Jobs Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources Graduate Expand Graduate menu Admissions Courses International Programs Master’s Programs PhD Programs PhD Dissertations Post-Graduation Outcomes Student Profiles Student Resources Research Expand Research menu Research Areas Labs Faculty and Staff Expand Faculty and Staff menu Department Head Core Faculty Affiliate Faculty Emeritus Faculty Staff Open Positions News Expand News menu Department Seminars News About Expand About menu Mechanical Engineering Industrial Engineering Energy Engineering Advisory Board Contact Head's Message Eyebrow menu Giving Alumni College of Engineering Home UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Research research intro UIC takes seriously its role as Chicago’s public research university , and the Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering contributes strongly to UIC’s research partnerships and productivity. The department houses 22 research laboratories that presently manage more than $24 million in collective grants , primarily from government and industry. New grants have been made in the past year by Arete Biosciences, Argonne National Laboratory, the Israeli Ministry of Defense the National Science Foundation, the U.S. Army Research Laboratory, and USG. Most MIE research is conducted in two campus buildings: the Engineering Research Facility, opened in 2001, and Science and Engineering Laboratories East. As of August 2019, department researchers also have full access to UIC’s new Engineering Innovation Building. This cutting-edge facility houses several flexible, open-use labs as well as a high-bay laboratory for large-scale projects and structural testing. For more information about mechanical and industrial engineering research at UIC, explore our Labs page. To connect with a potential collaborator or expert in a specific field of mechanical or industrial engineering, visit our Research Areas page. Research Back to main content Research Areas Labs