Office of External Fellowships | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Office of External Fellowships Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Office of External Fellowships Office of External Fellowships Main Menu About Expand About menu News Our Staff Our Mission and Values For Faculty and Staff FAQ Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Preparing Expand Preparing menu Getting Started Know Your Timeline Applying Expand Applying menu Application Components Selection Criteria Tell Us You Are Interested Fellowships Recent Recipients Eyebrow menu Ask UIC Undergraduate Affairs UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search UIC Logo Office of External Fellowships Office of External Fellowships The Office of External Fellowships (OEF) provides extensive advisement and assistance to current UIC undergraduate and professional school students, and to recent alumni, in finding and applying for nationally- and internationally-competitive fellowships, scholarships, and grants. From Fulbright Grants to Goldwater Scholarships and many others, UIC students have received competitive fellowships that have helped them pursue academic and career interests here in Chicago and around the globe. OEF can help you pursue these opportunities too. We help you explore the wide range of fellowship opportunities to determine which are best suited to your academic and career plans. Once you’ve found opportunities that are a good fit for you, and vice versa, we advise you closely through the whole process, so that your application is as strong as it can possibly be. OEF can offer holistic guidance on communication about academic achievement, co-curricular involvement, life experiences, and financial need. We help students present themselves clearly and effectively for awards that best suit their needs. Students are welcome at any point in their degree program, and are encouraged to plan ahead. It’s never too early to start! Quick Links Map pin icon Hours / Location Edit icon Join Our Mailing List Check icon FAQ Follow us Follow us Follow us