UIC Life (Stop the Stigma) | Wellness Center | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Wellness Center Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Wellness Center Wellness Center Main Menu About Us Expand About Us menu Need Help? FAQs Contact News & Events Expand News & Events menu Calendar of Events Annual Events Past Events Resources & Services Expand Resources & Services menu Pop-Up Pantry Individual Consultations Homeless Assistance Wellness Supplies Stress Relief Place Sexual Health/ Healthy Relationships Literature Library & Videos Alcohol & e-CHUG Studying Conflict Management Sleep Workshops Expand Workshops menu Workshops Offered Request a Workshop Policies Expand Policies menu Alcohol and Other Drug Smoke Free Campus Policy and Fine Payment Student Disciplinary Policy Cannabis Policy Eyebrow menu UIC Connection Student Affairs UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search UIC Life (Stop the Stigma) Posted on April 07, 2020 Share this on Facebook Share this on Twitter Check out the Office of Diversity's new PDF! Please take a second to look at the PDF created and shared by the Office of Diversity with the collaboration of other UIC departments regarding COVID-19 stigma. Now is the time to keep our implicit biases in check, while providing compassion and empathy towards one another! DO speak up if you see, hear and/or read false and/or discriminatory and biased information about COVID-19. You can correct false information and offer factual information about the virus: how it spreads, how we can care for one another, and how this knowledge helps us all to stay safe. DO offer compassion and support to yourself and those who have been impacted by the spread of COVID-19 and the rise in discrimination and bias. Be kind whenever possible. For it is always possible. – Dalai Lama Made in collaboration with the UIC Asian American Resource and Cultural Center, the Office of International Services,
the Women's Leadership and Resource Center and the Office of the Dean of Students.
April 2020 UIC Stigma and COVID-19 Modified on April 08, 2020