DISL Database and Information System Laboratory Database research Faculty: Isabel Cruz , Ashfaq Khokhar , Bing Liu , Prasad Sistla , Ouri Wolfson , Clement Yu (director). The main research projects are: Metasearch engine utilizes
				numerous search engines to search the Web and integrates the results to serve the users. Retrieval of pictures based on approximate contents. This has wide applications in entertainment, education, law enforcement and military
				industries. Automatic analysis of unstructured (in natural language) data . Consumer
				product surveys can be analyzed and concisely described without examining individual documents. Relationships between names of attributes/entities . Relationships are in the form of synonyms, homonyms, is-a relationships and
				aggregate relationships. This information is useful in schema integration. Data mining, text and Web mining. This
				research seeks to develop new methods of extracting underlying patterns from data, text and Web pages, and/or building
				predictive models. Parallelization in database environment. This is important when the amount of data is huge, there is large number of users and
				stringent time requirements are imposed. Active databases .
				These types of databases have immense applications in computer systems, traffic management systems, security trading
				and communication networks. Data replication in mobile computing .
				Minimize charges by using appropriate data replication schemes. Fuzzy relational systems .
				This allows imprecise queries to be answered in the presence of imprecise data. Visualization and integration of heterogeneous information . Applications include geospatial databases containing XML and multimedia information. Moving objects databases. Research
				issues include modeling of dynamic location information, uncertainty management, spatio-temporal data access languages,
				indexing and scalability issues, data mining (including traffic and location prediction), location dissemination,
				privacy and security, location fusion and synchronization. For a more detailed overview: Research Activities in Database Management and Information Retrieval
			at the University of Illinois at Chicago ( PDF , PS ) Isabel Cruz, Ashfaq Khokhar, Bing Liu, Prasad Sistla, Ouri Wolfson, and Clement Yu ACM SIGMOD Record, Volume 31, Number 3, September 2002 Other publications by the elements of the group (from the DBLP bibliographic database ): Isabel Cruz , Ashfaq Khokhar , Bing Liu , Prasad Sistla , Ouri Wolfson , Clement Yu Students: Many graduate students are involved in research in this group. Also, the group has the tradition of attracting
			women, undergraduate students, including women undergraduates . Funding: The projects of this group are funded by several agencies, such as NSF (including three ITR awards) and ARO. Computer Science Research