Alumni Mentor Program | College of Nursing | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo College of Nursing Search the site Toggle Menu Search College of Nursing College of Nursing Main Menu Programs & Applying Expand Programs & Applying menu Find Your Program Apply Now Cost & Financial Aid Six Campuses Student Life Degree and certificate programs Bachelor of Science in Nursing Master of Science for non-RNs Master of Science for RNs Doctor of Nursing Practice Doctor of Philosophy Certificate Programs Research Expand Research menu Facilities & Resources Centers. Labs & Interest Groups Current Funded Research Practice Expand Practice menu Mile Square Health Center – Humboldt Park Correctional Health Initiatives Faculty Practice & Consulting Nursing Professional Development Alumni Expand Alumni menu Meet Our Alumni Upcoming Events Alumni Board Alumni Mentor Program Alumni Awards REUNION Vital Signs Magazine Give to UIC Nursing Update Your Information Office of Advancement News & Events Expand News & Events menu All News All Events Info Sessions Social Media About Expand About menu Our Story Our Faculty Leadership Executive Team Academic Departments Global Health Diversity & Inclusion Power of Nursing Leadership Job Openings Accreditation Student Resources Faculty & Staff Resources Office of Academic Programs Global Health Leadership Office Office of Research Facilitation Contact Us Eyebrow menu CollegeInsider Make a Gift Directory UIC menu UI Health UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs College of Nursing Alumni Alumni Mentor Program Alumni Mentor Program Mentorship can change your career. We're connecting successful alumni with those who are just getting started to ensure every UIC-educated nurse has the tools to lead. When the UIC College of Nursing surveyed alumni in January 2017, we were happy to see that nearly 40 percent said they would be interested in a mentorship program. So we got right on it. Launched in July 2019, the UIC College of Nursing Alumni Mentor Program’s purpose is to connect mid-career and seasoned alumni with early-career alumni. Mentors will share advice and information about areas of practice, navigating career paths, building networks, increasing self-confidence, honing leadership skills and other issues relevant to career advancement. Why join? It's simple. Mentored employees have been found to receive higher compensation, more promotions and feel more committed to their careers. On the flip side, mentors get a boost, too, reporting greater job satisfaction and commitment to their organization. Alumni Mentor Program 2020-21 enrollment will begin on April 20 testimonial “This program could not have come at a better time for me. I was starting to feel burned out after four years as a bedside nurse. Susan lent an empathic ear, provided insightful perspective, and challenged me as I considered the next steps in my nursing career. She is a kind and inspiring leader, and I am thankful to have her as a mentor. I hope UIC Nursing continues to provide this program because, in my opinion, no one inspires nurses as much as other nurses.” Nicole Jacksetich, BSN ’15, RN | Speaking about her mentor, Susan Okuno-Jones, MS '06, Vice President and CNO, Advocate Good Samaritan Hospital Alumni Mentor Program Taskforce David Barishman , BSN ’94, director of patient care services, UI Health Ann Blouin , PhD ’94, retired, Joint Commission Yolanda Coleman , PhD ’12, system assistant CNO, Sinai Health System Melinda Cooling , MS ’03, DNP ’10, director of advanced practice, OSF HealthCare Jamie Ghafari , MS ’11, director of patient care services, pediatrics and pediatric intensive care, UI Health Alina Kraynak , DNP ’17, MS ’15, women’s health consultant, Minnesota Department of Health Lynn Lenker , MS ’95, system CNIO, SSM Health Susan Okuno-Jones , MS ’06, DNP ’10, vice president and chief nursing officer, Advocate Good Samaritan Hospital Sarah Overton , BSN ’10, MS ’17, chief nursing officer and vice president of ambulatory nursing, OSF HealthCare Kathleen Pavkov , BSN ’78, associate nurse executive – ambulatory services, Cook County Health Beena Peters , DNP ’07, MS ’94, chief nursing officer, Cook County Health, Janice Phillips , PhD ’93, director of nursing research and health equity, Rush University Brian Stahulak, BSN ’97, senior vice president and chief nursing officer, Lurie Children’s Hospital To learn more, contact: Sara Almassian Associate Director, Alumni Engagement and Participation Phone: (312) 996-2315 Email: salmas1@uic.edu Alumni Back to main content Meet Our Alumni Upcoming Events Alumni Board Alumni Mentor Program Tips & Suggestions Alumni Awards List of Distinguished Alumni List of Outstanding Achievement Awardees REUNION Vital Signs Magazine Give to UIC Nursing Faces of Philanthropy IGNITE Priorities Plan Your Gift The Dean's Circle Current Scholarship Recipients Give Now Update Your Information Office of Advancement