Events | Society of Women Engineers | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Student Organizations Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Student Organizations Society of Women Engineers Main Menu Join SWE Expand Join SWE menu SWE Leading Members Stay in the Loop! Board Members GradSWE Events Expand Events menu Mom, Me, & SWE SWE in the City Fundraisers Eyebrow menu UIC Engineering UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search Society of Women Engineers View Menu Down arrow icon Events UIC SWE Section Events! SWE in the City 2020 Every year our UIC SWE chapter hosts "SWE in the CIty", which is an opportunity to network with engineering students from other SWE chapters, across the Chicagoland area and learn about how we can thrive in the workplace! Mommy, Me, and SWE Each semester, middle-school girls spend a morning with the UIC Society of Women Engineers and learn about engineering through fun, hands-on activities! Introduce a Girl to Engineering Day 2020 UIC Women in Engineering Program and SWE come together during Engineering Week to host an event for high school students, known as "Introduce a Girl to Engineering Day". The day is filled with hands-on activities, tours of college engineering labs, and sharing what it means to be a female engineer! SWE National Conference Our board members and selected active members join colleges and companies across the nation for the SWE National Conference. From the career fair to the many informative workshops and sessions, the UIC SWE section returns with amazing experiences every year! Networking Opportunities! Steffi and Ariel, our president and vice-president, sharing their wise words during a networking activity at SWE in the City! Guest Speakers At almost every general body meeting we invite innovative companies to come and share the work they do and what it means to be an engineer. Above is Christine from EcoLab, speaking about communication in the workplace at SWE in the City 2020. Valentine's Day Fundraiser UIC SWE also gives back! This past February our fundraising chair organized our SWEet fundraiser, where you could send a loved one friend a surprise! A portion of the proceeds was donated to UNICEF: Girl's Education. Events Back to main content Mom, Me, & SWE SWE in the City Fundraisers