Canceled: Alumni & Friends Celebration | Jane Addams College of Social Work | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Jane Addams College of Social Work Search the site Toggle Menu Search Jane Addams College of Social Work Jane Addams College of Social Work Main Menu Prospective Students Expand Prospective Students menu Why Choose Social Work? Why Choose Jane Addams? Explore Academic Programs Meet Our Faculty Life at Jane Addams Financial Assistance Apply Now Academics Expand Academics menu MSW Program Field Instruction MSW/MPH Joint Degree Program PhD Program Professional Educator License (PEL), School Social Worker Endorsement MSW Accreditation About Expand About menu Our Mission Message from the Dean The Dean's Advisory Council Faculty Directory Staff Directory News & Events Recent Publications COVID-19 Updates Community Impact Expand Community Impact menu Jane Addams Center for Social Policy and Research Midwest Latino Health Research, Training and Policy Center Training Institute for School Social Work Professionals Social Services in the Community Research & Sponsored Projects Alumni & Friends Expand Alumni & Friends menu Make a Gift Now IGNITE Campaign: Make Your Impact Where & How to Give Connect & Engage Alumni Events & Awards Alumni Updates LSW/LCSW Information Eyebrow menu Research Current Students & Faculty Make a Gift Now UIC menu UI Health UIC.edu Campus Map Search Apr 30 2020 Canceled: Alumni & Friends Celebration Share this on Facebook Share this on Twitter Share this on Linked In Share on Tumblr Share this via email April 30, 2020 5:30 PM - 7:30 PM Location UIC Student Center East Address 750 S. Halsted St.,
                                                                                  Chicago,
                                                              IL
                                        60607 Calendar Download iCal File EVENT CANCELLATION: In light of the rapidly evolving novel coronavirus outbreak, the University of Illinois has cancelled all university-sponsored events of 50 or more people until further notice. Thus, the Alumni & Friends Celebration has been cancelled as a public safety precaution. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause, and thank you for your understanding. The UI Foundation is working out a process for refunds, should you desire one. Alternately, please consider making a donation of your ticket purchase or sponsorship. If you have questions, please contact the JACSW Director of Advancement, Jackie Bonavia at (312) 413-2305 or jbonavia@uic.edu . Join colleagues and friends on Thursday, April 30 at the Alumni & Friends Celebration, to ignite our shared passion for Jane Addams College of Social Work and celebrate individuals who have made significant contributions to the advancement of social justice. Guest Speaker and recipient of this year's Jane Addams Social Justice Ally Award is the Honorable Danny K. Davis, Member of Congress, 7th District , who has been a tireless advocate on issues of civil and human rights, job creation, poverty, health care, education, youth and criminal justice reform. The celebration kicks off with a reception, where you'll enjoy live music, a smorgasbord of delectable hors d’oeuvres, and a wine and beer bar, as you catch up with old friends and make new acquaintances. Then we'll gather for coffee, dessert and an inspiring program featuring remarks from Congressman Davis and the presentation of the two alumni awards: The Jane Addams Distinguished Alumni Achievement Award , presented to Maureen Rigney, MSW ’94 , and The Jane Addams Rising Alumni Award, presented to Lissette Lucero Lopez, LCSW, CADC, MSW ’14 . Additionally, there will be special recognition for alumni who graduated in 1970, 1975, 1980, 1985, 1990, 1995, 2000, 2005, 2010 or 2015. Note: Ticket sales have been suspended until further notice. Contact Jacquelyn Bonavia (312) 413-2305 jbonavia@uic.edu Date posted Nov 9, 2018 Date updated Mar 16, 2020 Speakers The Honorable Danny K. Davis | Member of Congress, 7th District Congressman Davis has been a tireless advocacy on issues of civil and human rights, job creation, poverty, health care, education, youth and criminal justice reform. He has also been an ally and partner with the college on issues such as the well-being of children in the child welfare system and the impact of incarceration on families and children.