Guaranteed Professional Program Admissions (GPPA) | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Guaranteed Professional Program Admissions (GPPA) Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Guaranteed Professional Program Admissions (GPPA) Guaranteed Professional Program Admissions (GPPA) Main Menu Programs Offered Prospective Students Expand Prospective Students menu Frequently Asked Questions Application Guide Current Students Expand Current Students menu Frequently Asked Questions Conditions of Acceptance Staff Eyebrow menu UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search UIC Logo Guaranteed Professional Program Admissions (GPPA) Guaranteed Professional Program Admissions (GPPA) GUARANTEED PROFESSIONAL PROGRAM ADMISSIONS The GPPA initiative allows a limited number of first year students per year to be admitted to UIC with guaranteed admission to one of several graduate or professional degree programs. Students follow a specific curriculum and meet established performance criteria to maintain their admission guarantee. With the security of GPPA, students are able to focus on undergraduate studies and have the freedom to pursue many subject areas and disciplines. In addition, participants have early and frequent contact with professional school faculty and advisors. Most students in GPPA also benefit from the facilities and services of the UIC Honors College. INFORMATION SESSIONS Honors College and GPPA Staff conduct information sessions at the UIC Visitors Center on a regular basis. These sessions include an overall presentation on both the Honors College and GPPA, including the admissions process, program requirements, and resources. There is also time for students to ask individual questions. Sessions are held at the UIC Visitors Center on a regular basis from July through January. Register at https://applynow.uic.edu/portal/department-honors . See the “Frequently Asked Questions” page to answer your general questions about GPPA. For specific questions about GPPA, please email gppauic@uic.edu .