Academic Support | Campus Housing | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Campus Housing Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Campus Housing Campus Housing Main Menu FUTURE RESIDENTS Expand FUTURE RESIDENTS menu Apply Move-In Housing Rates Residence Halls Services Why Live on Campus CURRENT RESIDENTS Expand CURRENT RESIDENTS menu Apply Summer Housing ReApp Housing During Breaks Housing Rates Academic Support Get Involved Resident Handbook Services GUESTS AND CONFERENCES Expand GUESTS AND CONFERENCES menu Guest Housing Medical Students Intern Housing Conference Housing WORK WITH US Expand WORK WITH US menu Professional Staff Student Staff Eyebrow menu Dates to Know Contact Us Dock MyContract UIC Connection Student Affairs UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Academic Support We believe that a student's learning process is ongoing and we work to create academic opportunities outside of the classroom. These opportunities are intentionally developed and part of the educational advantage students receive when they choose to live on-campus. Faculty In Residence The Faculty in Residence Program offers the opportunity for selected faculty and their families to live in a residential community with students. It is a unique experience that encourages a crucial link between students and faculty. The Resident Faculty work closely with the Residence Life staff to create programs for the residents. Peer Mentor Staff Peer Mentors are the heart of our academic services effort. These students of sophomore standing or higher that have great leadership skills and proven academic success guide first-year students through the many different adjustments from the high school to the college experience, and encourage experienced students to become more involved in their academic community. Peer Mentors provide tutoring in our Learning Resource Centers and facilitate study sessions for first-year students. Peer Mentors also provide academic workshops, First Year Experience programming to help new students adapt to college, and individual follow up, referral to resources, and support for students needing additional help. Campus Housing Learning Areas Campus Housing facilities a wide range of programs and events for residents. These programs not only allow our residents to develop a community with their neighbors and classmates living on-campus, but also demonstrate the educational advantage to living on-campus. Through the Campus Housing Learning Areas, residents will: Demonstrate skills that prepare them to live autonomously and productively as independent adults. Develop substantial, healthy, and positive relationships with their peers, faculty, and staff. Engage in meaningful dialogues that encourage students to reflect critically about their own beliefs, experiences, and identities, learn and understand the beliefs, experiences and identities of those around them, and articulate how their lived experiences contribute to the greater community. Successfully create professional materials and hone skills that prepare them for post-graduation accomplishment. Exhibit pride in their communities by attending university events and being proactive in reporting community concerns. Cultivate a network of academic support, develop their study skills, and interact with peers and faculty, to complement their in-class learning experience. Learning Areas Living Learning Communities Our Living and Learning Communities (LLC) attract high-achieving students and provide specialized attention for an enriched educational experience. They offer a sense of community through programs, conversations, and faculty interaction centered on members’ interests. Living Learning Communities Learning Resource Centers Learning Resource Centers (LRC) are purposeful locations for one-on-one and group tutoring, as well as study twenty-four hours a day. Peer Mentors offer tutoring in the LRCs most evenings in a range of subjects. LRC’s can be found on the east, south, and west sides of campus in Courtyard second floor, JST second floor, and PSR second floor, respectively.