Facilities | College of Engineering | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo College of Engineering Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo College of Engineering College of Engineering Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Admitted Student Information Admissions Advising Career Outcomes Diversity Engineering Expo FAQ Majors and Minors Paid Internships Scholarships Student Groups Student Resources Women in Engineering Graduate Departments Research Expand Research menu Interdisciplinary Research Labs and Centers Support UIC Expand Support UIC menu Donate Online How to Give Help Students Empower Faculty Capital Projects About Expand About menu Dean Faculty Administration Staff Alumni Advisory Board Facilities Summer Camp News Contact Eyebrow menu Give Careers Alumni UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs College of Engineering About Facilities Facilities Engineering Innovation Building Opened in July 2019, the Engineering Innovation Building is our newest engineering facility. It houses the chemical engineering department along with a high-bay structural lab that is the only one of its kind in northern Illinois. The lab facilitates the development and testing of large-scale components that can help buildings, roads, and bridges to better withstand natural and man-made disasters. Learn about the Engineering Innovation Building MakerSpace The MakerSpace is a hub of creation at UIC Engineering. Here, students can access several varieties of 3D printers, CNC mills, laser cutters, photography and scanning equipment, specialized printers for stickers and vinyl, electronics, and more. Three courses — one on additive manufacturing, one on subtractive manufacturing, and one on CNC mills and electronic test equipment — are offered in the MakerSpace. Visit the MakerSpace website Innovation Center The Innovation Center brings real-world problem solving to the UIC campus. Companies and organizations sponsor courses based on the engineering, business, and design challenges they are trying to solve. Then, under the direction of a UIC faculty member, teams of students from across the university come together to brainstorm, analyze, create, and present implementation-ready plans to the company. Visit the Innovation Center website About Back to main content Dean Faculty Distinguished Professors Book Dedications Faculty Development Faculty Honors Faculty Meetings Teaching Resources Administration Staff Alumni Advisory Board Facilities Engineering Innovation Building MakerSpace Summer Camp News RISE Contact