Department Head | Department of Civil and Materials Engineering | University of Illinois at Chicago Skip to the content of this page , the main menu , the secondary menu , the site search form , the site home page . UIC Logo Department of Civil and Materials Engineering Search the site Toggle Menu Search UIC Logo Department of Civil and Materials Engineering Department of Civil and Materials Engineering Main Menu Undergraduate Expand Undergraduate menu Admitted Students Admissions Accreditation Civil Engineering Major Courses Minors Internships and Jobs Student Groups Student Profiles Student Resources Graduate Expand Graduate menu Admitted Students Admissions Courses NEW MS in Construction Engineering and Management MS Programs PhD Programs PhD Dissertations Post-Graduation Outcomes Student Profiles Student Resources Research Expand Research menu High-Bay Structures Laboratory Labs Research Areas Student Research Opportunities Seminars Faculty and Staff Expand Faculty and Staff menu Department Head Core Faculty Courtesy and Dual Appointments Emeritus Faculty Faculty Awards Professional Advisory Council Staff Open Positions News Events Eyebrow menu Giving Alumni College of Engineering Home UIC menu UIC.edu Campus Map Search View Menu Down arrow icon Breadcrumbs Department of Civil and Materials Engineering Faculty and Staff Department Head Department Head bio Abolfazl (Kouros) Mohammadian is a professor of transportation systems and head of the Department of Civil and Materials Engineering. He received his PhD from University of Toronto in 2002 and has been at UIC since 2003. Mohammadian’s research covers various areas of transportation systems including travel behavior analysis, travel surveys, computational analysis of transportation systems, freight and logistics modeling, and agent-based microsimulation models. He has authored or co-authored more than 300 scholarly publications in scientific journals, conference proceedings, book chapters, and reports. He is an editor of the Journal of Transportation Letters and has served as committee chair of the Traveler Behavior and Values committee (ADB10) of the National Academies’ Transportation Research Board. He chaired two Transportation Research Board subcommittees: Behavioral Processes (ADB10-4) and New Technologies in Travel Surveys (ABJ40-4). Mohammadian has received the Ryuichi Kitamura Paper Award, Fred Burggraf Award, and Charley V. Wootan Award, recognizing his contributions to transportation research. He has advised 22 PhD students and has received the Harold Simon Teaching Award, Teaching Recognition Program Award, and the Edmund M. Burke Outstanding Faculty Award, along with the UIC College of Engineering’s faculty teaching, advising, and research awards. Mohammadian served as the vice chair of the University of Illinois Senate Conference and as vice chair of UIC’s Senate for several years. Contact Abolfazl
    
    Mohammadian Professor and Department Head Phone: (312) 996-9840 Email: kouros@uic.edu View Profile Faculty and Staff Back to main content Department Head Core Faculty Courtesy and Dual Appointments Emeritus Faculty Faculty Awards Professional Advisory Council Staff Open Positions