Departments - IGERT Electronic Security and Privacy: Technological, Human, Enterprise, and Legal Considerations Search this site Program Overview Sponsors FAQ People Faculty Staff Fellows Associates Alumni Research Publications Curriculum Courses Seminars Outreach International Partners Links And Resources Internships CyberCorps SFS Alumni HS-STEM Scholarships Apply News ESP-IGERT Calendar Departments Contact Us Sitemap Program ‎ > ‎ Departments Computer Science The Computer Science Department is home to 100 PhD students, 130 MS students, and 320 undergraduate students. Its 30 faculty body is deeply engaged in research and education as demonstrated by an average of $6.5million/year in grants from NSF, DARPA, DoD, and NASA, and the five UIC's Excellence in Teaching Awards received by its members. CS Home Page CS Admission Requirements and Application CS PhD Degree Requirements Electrical and Computer Engineering The Electrical and Computer Engineering Department is home to 200 graduate, 450 undergraduate students and 30 faculty. Its faculty is engaged in several interdisciplinary research projects including computing and systems architecture, physics and electronic devices, and bio-engineering. ECE Home Page ECE Admission Requirements and Application ECE PhD Degree Requirements Communication The Communication Department is home to 200 graduate and undergraduate students. Its 13 faculty body is engaged in world-renown research on the effects of new media in communications, social interactions mediated by the internet, and psychology. Communication Home Page Communication Admission Requirements and Application Communication PhD Degree Requirements Information and Decision Sciences The Department of Information and Decision Sciences is home to 100 graduate and undergraduate students. Its 13 faculty body is committed to provide students with top education in the cutting-edge technologies that define successful businesses. IDS Home Page IDS Admissions Requirements and Application IDS PhD Degree Requirements Health Informatics and the Health Policy and Administration The Program of Public Health Informatics and the Department of Health Policy and Administration Informatics are part of the School of Public Health at UIC. The Department of Health Policy and Administration is home to 400 students and 50 faculty, committed to teaching and research. HI Home Page PhD in Health Policy and Administration PhD in HPA Application Procedure Sign in | Recent Site Activity | Report Abuse | Print Page | Powered By Google Sites